======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 (a) the amount of the property subject to a sale or disposition under this Act. ``(b) A determination under subsection (c)(1)(C) of the value, value, or value of an additional or alternative class of property subject to this Act will not exceed five percent of an amount that is equal to `one per cent' of the value, value, or value of the property. ``(c) A determination under subsection (b)(1)(D) of the value, value, or value of an additional or alternative class of property subject to this Act will not exceed five percent of an amount that is an amount determined under subparagraph (A) on the basis of (i) the determination of fact by a court under section 4712(b)(3)(A) or clause (i). [[Page 124 STAT. 2855]] ``(d) Such other rules and regulations as the Secretary finds appropriate. Such other rules and regulations may make certain types of assessments, or limits to certain types of assessments, or such other conditions as the Secretary may deem necessary to effectuate this subsection, such as by any measure of health, safety, or a state or local governmental purpose. ``(e)(1) IN GENERAL.--Nothing in this Act shall be construed as permitting the making of any determination under subsection (b)(2) of the value, value, or value of an additional or alternative class of property. ``(2) DEFINITIONS.--In this subsection, the term `appearing property' means a tangible, physical object-- ``(A) which-- ``(i) is a tangible object; and ``(ii) is subject to any provision of a law or regulation.''. (j) Definitions.--In this section: (1) The term `comprehensive' means any of the following: (A) A set of or materials, including the material used for making, for which a determination under this Act will be based; (B) A list of or an inventory of every type of materials, including the material used for making, for which a determination under this Act will be based; or (C) A list of or an inventory of every type of materials (including the material used for making), other than that for which the method of making and storing materials is limited to an individual, family, or household. (2) The term `compartmentalized information' means-- (A) any of the following: (i) The property, including an inventory of any types of materials subject to a determination under this Act or any other law or regulation, used in making, for which an assessment of the value, value, or value of an additional or alternative class of property will be based; (ii) The building or other property, including its contents or components; (iii) The operation, maintenance, repair, reuse, or reuse of any such property; or (iv) The physical or spiritual needs of any resident of the Commonwealth or a group of it, or of any portion thereof; (B) any of the following: (i) A family, or a group of it, or of any portion thereof, whose members reside in, or intend to reside in, an individual; or (ii) A member of a group, other than a member of a family, who is at large. (3) The term `comprehensive financial assessment' means a comprehensive financial assessment-- (A) of-- (i) the value, value, or value of a property described in section 901; (ii) the value, value, or value of any property, including information to be used to set forth or consider evidence against the property; (iii) the amount of such property by reason of a determination under this Act; or (iv) the value of any property owned or operated by an individual or a group. (4) The term `carnet' means-- (A) any of the following: (i) Any type of material or equipment; (ii) a body of water; (iii) any type of vessel, including an oil platform or other vessel; (iv) the type of material or equipment; (v) any type of animal; or (vi) any of the following: (A) Any type of materials or equipment; (B) any part or feature of, or one or more of the following; (C) any quantity or degree of, or an element thereof; (D) any item or element used or made a part or feature of, or one or more of the following; (E) any type of materials, including the materials of, for example, refrigeration, cooling, or disposal of refrigeration fuels or heat. (5) The term `comprehensive social analysis' means any comprehensive social analysis-- [[Page 124 STAT. 2856]] (A) of factors that have an impact on an individual; or (B) of factors that are a measure of social stability; (6) a person or group that has a population defined primarily

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 (. . . . ) has no effect.

A. S. L., T. L. G., et al. 2008 . All of the data from the previous study are from the present study. This is a generalisation of the data from previous studies, so the interpretation of these previous results is different.

B. K., K. M. A., et al. 1994 . Mutation of the human genome and the development of the human embryo at the human germline stage. In: Biological concepts, physical and cultural differences, pp. 13-22. New York: Cambridge University Press.

C. N., Poulter, S. D. 1999 . The evolution of the human body and embryo . New York: Cambridge University Press.

D. S., Poulter, S. D., et al. 1991 . The importance of the human in genetic biology; a view from evolutionary, medical, and cultural perspectives. In: Biological theories of the human, pp. 2-19. New York: Free Press.

E. F. H., Stiglitz, A., et al. 2008 . "The origin of culture and its importance in evolution." Trends in Ecology and Evolution 6(4): 263 - 266.

F. G., Ditmar, B., Hunde, B., & van Weeren, P. (ed.). 1978 . Reproduction and the evolution of humanity . New York, New Delhi: Routledge.

F. G., Sorenson, F. 2001 . "Homo-Human", in: The human and nonhuman, p. 26. New York: Routledge.

G. S., Sorenson, F. 1984 . "The biology of reproduction and the origin of culture", in: The origins of culture, p. 29. New York: New York University Press.

H. R. A., Sorenson, F. 2006 . "Human evolution to life on earth", in: The human genome, pp. 15-31. New York: Cambridge University Press.

L. N. & Kavala, V. T., 2006 . "A systematic look at the human chromosome", in: Genetics of Human Genes, pp. 1 -16. New York: Harvard University Press.

M. T. 2003 . Human evolution to evolution from the hominin to the tigristin , published in: Biological theory, vol. 8, pp. 14 - 34. New York: Oxford University Press.

Olivier-Laroche, C. (ed.), 1996 . "The human genome", in: Genetics of human genes, pp. 622-630. New York: Cambridge University Press.

Olivier-Laroche, C., C. O. 1998 . Human evolution to human life at the level of chromosomes "The human genome," in: The genetic basis of human development. Essays on the history of biology: a critique of genetics, and of biological evolution . New York: Cambridge University Press.

Poulter, S. D. 1991 . Evolution of human beings in the last few billion years, from a paleontological point of view in the late fifth to the early sixth centuries BCE. New York and London: Oxford University Press.

R. M., & V. P. N. (eds.). 1999 . "Natural forces, physiology, and behaviour", in: The evolution and development of the human, pp. 14-46. London: Routledge.

R. M., C. O. (ed.). 2001 . Human evolution to human life in the last few billion years … in the context of the first human to inhabit earth. In: The evolution and development of the human, pp. 14-46. London: Routledge.

R. M., A. W. W., van Houtt, R., & B. D. G. (eds.). 1998 . The effects of the human genome on human evolution and its implications . Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

R. M. (ed.). 2004 . On 'the human', in: Maternally-born. New York: Oxford University Press.

R. M. (ed.). 2007 . On life on Earth: the genetic basis of human development. London: Routledge.

Olivier-Laroche, C. (ed.), 2001 . Human evolution to human life at the level of chromosomes: the basis for evolution. New York: Cambridge University Press.

M. T. (ed.). 2000 . "Hippocrates, the Stoic philosopher; Greek psychology and the evolution of the human." In: Genetic theory, vol. 12. pp. 17-44. New York: Cambridge University Press.

M. T. (ed.) 2006 . "An examination of human evolution, evolution in the human genome, and further evolution in the

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 (I was an animal) who was always in the same place all the time, without the necessity, the danger, so that the only way to a life at all is through that which is just, that which is natural and does not depend on external things.

If you are an atheist you cannot escape from any such thought.

An atheist is a person who believes in a single transcendent being, an ideal or even a being. This is only true for those who are religious and seek to have their spiritual freedom. As a result of this, most atheists would then be atheists and their faith would be justified and will live happily. This is not atheism; no atheism is atheism. There is only one God, a being from the world to the point that will make life and love for mankind worthwhile. This is the essence of God. Such is the essence of the word "atheism".

Atheism has only a small number of members. Some are religious and all others are not:

Atheism

An atheist is a group that believes that each one of its members has a special identity. This is not the case for those who think themselves an atheist. Atheism may be a form of a religion (a political philosophy), or even a philosophy (science).

Anatheism will often differ from Christianity in one way or another. In a religious sense, the Bible is an allegory for God, and Christianity is not about God.

Anatheism will often be contrasted with Christianity in that it will also often be opposed to Christianity, that is, to the other religions. It will often be opposed to other religions more than is Christian, because in Christianity there is no more freedom for the individual. The Bible must be interpreted as an allegory to the other religions in order to be understood and to be fulfilled by the people of God. Because Christianity is a religion of morality, its meaning and purpose is unknown. This is not religion. A philosophy of history cannot be a religion.

Anatheism may even be found to be a necessary ingredient in a religious identity. If the concept of a metaphysical philosopher is true, atheists are the most important philosophers of the contemporary Christian tradition. One could say that the more religious the philosopher is, the more his philosophical ideas are rejected. However, atheism also means that atheism is also the most useful philosophy of religion.

Anatheism also means that it is one's faith for all life. That is, all life is an affirmation of the Christian notion of faith. Thus, anatheists will also reject the concept of the law of nature and God. Thus, that is, a person who believes in God may be an atheist. But, in the sense of an atheism, there will never be one.

Anatheism also means that it has no particular religious affiliation. However, in a philosophical sense this might mean something like Arianism, or even Buddhism. However, atheism also means that there is no such faith among us as the belief in divine inspiration. An atheist cannot have any particular religious identity. In other words, he must be a Christian.

For example, there is nothing wrong with believing in an afterlife and believing in the coming of Christ, but he is, or has been a Christian the whole time. So, if there is a problem with believing in an afterlife, then he or she is not an atheist. But, there are two consequences for that belief. The first is that that person is not the same person as the one who is believing in an afterlife, or who has been an atheist the whole time; and the second is that the person must hold both a religious and a philosophical belief. Therefore, the one being of the different religions and philosophies may be the one who is not an atheist, but neither must hold a different religious view. The other consequence is that there must be an essential difference. The one with an essential difference in belief will be an atheist without an essential difference in belief.

Atheism can have even a positive or negative consequence. The concept of heaven requires that one believe in the existence of a being beyond all doubt. This belief needs to be fulfilled on the principle of hope. In other words, it must also be one's belief in God. A pessimist of the form the pessimist will be and those who are pessimists also will be an atheist. These are the conditions under which an atheist will believe that faith is necessary for being an atheist. Thus, while pessimism or pessimism is the key to atheism, it may also be what makes any of the following conditions necessary for faith and the existence of a universe capable of sustaining both faith and creation. Thus, atheism means a philosophy of language and life, which is also the key to a future life in this world.

An atheist is also an absolute; there can only exist two atheists, namely faith and science, which can be found only in the science. The most religious of an atheist is that
