======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. Thus, what are needed now are a series of 'anti-Alexanders' who concentrate and purify. Alexander is already a caricature of early Greek civilisation, exaggerated and simplified, although still displaying their deep-rooted cruelty ('Homer’s Contest’). The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘formula for greatness’. My love or gratitude comes from the fact that this fate produces me and does so as being capable of affirming myself and capable of having a creative role in the future.

The idea is closely allied to that of affirmation more generally:  to say yes to this situation is the only way of saying yes to oneself, and vice versa. It is related to the affirmation of eternal recurrence. Only an individual who embodied a healthy and ascending life can be considered as an ‘god’. That is to say, the dreamer will be judged by the dreamer reality, not be by any fixed ontological (i.e. absolute or productive) limits. The concept of godliness also inherits some perspective from metaphysics. That is, the concept of god is no more a metaphysical notion nor a scientific one; and, indeed, the dream is a mode of feeling and acting that is akin to lustre, except that it is a feeling and not a purposeful choice. In contrast, the integrity of culture is its desire for the development of the human. This corruption may be in the way

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
. The idea is generalized as the production of states from their opposites. Accordingly, the proper function of the modern state is education, not domination and controlling, but as the will to power will to the good. In other words, decadence is not just the judgement of the free spirit, but of the divinely created.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from the nobility of a narrowly perfected culture, as well as from the anti-culture of the historical sense. This historical sense is a kind of comprehensiveness but without discrimination, without any setting of limits. Such an ideal requires dangerous experiences to enable judgements about the value of modes of life. Greatness is judged in fact by the ability for comprehensiveness. Comprehensiveness thus describes a height that is not that of abstraction and represents an overall responsibility for the development of the human, and which can use a wide variety of cultural forms and institutions as tools. Such responsibility will be able to take on all the hopes and disasters of the past and present, and still rise joyfully to greet the dawn. Thus, comprehensiveness is also related to the ideas of the gift and pregnancy. 

<|endoftext|>

When talking about concepts, philosophical concepts or the fundamental concepts of a religion or culture, it refers to, for example, substance, cause, virtue, sin. Any discussion of concepts, therefore, will also be a discussion of philosophy, metaphysics, religion etc. Concepts form a system – that is, individual concepts cannot be isolated but must be understood as a whole way of thinking (and living and evaluating), and likewise studied in their historically developing and repeating interconnection. Philosophical concepts are later and dependent upon the underlying values that produce language. Thus, for example, philosophical concepts are governed or generated by the grammar. Even the belief in the validity of concept-formation has philosophical implications. Concepts may also be able to influence those values. When, under the pressure of discoveries or critique, a concept gives way the result is memorably described as a ‘concept- quake’.

<|endoftext|>

About the concept of conditions, it is a  broad contention that nothing is isolated, pure, or unconditional, that is everything is only properly understood in its concrete context and by following the various ‘conditions’ under which it developed and continues to evolve. By ‘conditions’ are meant historical period, culture, values, language or psychological forces, or education and other institutions. Pity – in the form of protective institutions like hospitals, or the various other instruments in the hands of the ascetic priest – becomes a mechanism for preserving suffering and decadent forms of life from the conditions that otherwise might destroy them. By way of contrast, the opposite views about the broadly ascetic practices – selective withdrawal from certain present conditions – consider that it is a condition of a philosopher’s development. Similarly, the situations under which new and enhanced forms of the human might arise – and specifying these conditions is the content of the treatments of institutions like education or marriage. Also, these conditions would allow a reader to understand the information delivered by the writer.

Furthermore, many effects that have traditionally been devalued (such as lust or envy) are nevertheless not merely necessary aspects of life, but even essential conditions of it. A similar point is made about even the ‘rabble’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to
