======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 their allegory, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 their conscience.invoke through duty or through a deliberate ignorance, by which one works to survive. The concept of duty is also used to describe conditions of suffering or poverty. Its philosophical significance lies in the conception that certain instances of distress are needed for life to overcome itself. The narrative begins when Zarathustra hears a ‘cry of distress’ and is tempted by pity for the higher humans. For the recognition of, and responding to, distress lies at the origin of the standard or ordinary. Likewise, there has a magnificent tension of the spirit and nihilism, which is experienced as distress. Rather than anaesthetizing that distress, the aim here is to release the tension in pursuit of new forms of human life. Other relevant passages elaborating on this idea include: the ‘highly spiritual’ will feel a delight over and above all the distress of a problem, psychology must overcome distress – an ‘unconscious resistance’ – to ideas of the reciprocal dependence of excellent and wicked, or celebrated Greek characteristics were not ‘natural’, but products of a need. The expression ‘ turning of need’ got repeated many times that turning is a reference to eternal recurrence, as well as meaning ‘transforming’ (it may also be an allusion to spiritual orientation in Plato and especially Plotinus). So, for a being capable of aligning itself with the will to power and incorporating the notion of eternal recurrence, distress is transformed into a necessity, into a joyful affirmation of one’s self and one’s world. 

<|endoftext|>

The dithyramb was in ancient Greek literature a choral hymn to Dionysus, set to music and dance. The dithyramb, following Aristotle, was thus the original form of Greek tragedy. Only fragments of dithyrambs survive, along with observations concerning characteristic rhythmic, formal, and narrative qualities, but without any clear evidence as to how they were performed. 

<|endoftext|>

A dog is a domesticated, and degraded, beast of prey. Thus, it is both suddenly aggressive, and contemptible in its display of cowardliness, distress, or anger. Having been a slave, it has become nothing other than a slave. Thus, the dog is a crucial analogy for internalization, the opinions of or relationships to others becoming part of one’s identity. The dog’s famous loyalty is nothing more than submission, and it is thus no more capable of love, but for a different reason, than the cat. This submission is akin to a human’s religious feeling – obedience out of fear, or long discipline. The dog is something that is supposed to be wretched so that its owner can feel important or influential. The sheepdog is an obvious metaphor for those who devote themselves to the protection of the herd. The firedog is noisy, spectacular, but irrelevant – and thus like the socialist revolution and similar events. The critical moments are quiet, creative of values. Zarathustra tells the story of a traveller accidentally stepping on a sleeping dog, making enemies of those who could be friends.

<|endoftext|>

The term dream is used to characterize the Apollonian. The critical distinction here is not between dreaming and being awake; the dream is employed to understand a certain domain of culture, and particularly of art. The dream is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of preservation and our need to justify our existence and our values. The dream is not merely an illusion – we can be aware of ourselves dreaming – but the validity of the beautiful forms that we dream are derived from their role in our health and our preservation, and not in their truth-speaking. In a general psychological theory of the dream, dreams are the way to make sense of stimuli through a retrospective ascription of causation. But this precisely is how we live our waking lives also. The analysis changes focus, to dreams as the space in which our drives act or realize themselves; again, this is like waking life.

Moreover, not only is waking life not a great deal different from dreams but that, to the extent that we insist on it being so, this is a sign of weakness or degeneracy. Waking life is the domain in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance, even dream appearance, is again not contrasted to some straight-forward relationship to that which is true. Instead, '

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem
