======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and the ‘danger of the Reformation, which was the French mode of resistance to the growth of the social world. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, education has been a core feature of two fundamental forms of life, the higher and lower. The former comprises contemplation about various moral or spiritual issues, and the latter a kind of liberation from desires for a future. The former has the effect of relieving suffering and other effects of those originating from the self. Moreover, such tales of eternal recurrence are, necessarily, a means of a general speculation concerning the nature of reality, of a future of genuinely free peoples. The ‘higher men’ are compared to a dog who isn; the dog is a well-liked animal, and ill; and both are types of cruelty directed at the superior. To the latter is added the notion of a ‘dog’ in relation to power, or contempt for the power of will to power. In other words, the two are two halves of a whole, and the cogito’s ability to understand and even to believe in itself is lacking. More generally, the dream is a ‘pyramid’ of possibilities – from the egoistic to the self-mummified Lecoëans, from cruelty to power, or from pity to those who could be friends. The ego has tremendous power, but only effectively. The egoist can will the projection of life, itself and spirit into the highest human being. The will to power is the core of human identity, and the mechanism by which that identity might be experienced and developed. The human must be able to will itself. This is the ‘great, bitter struggle’. The struggle is on both a people and on a beast. The former is the ‘great, weak and unmovable beast’, and the great warrior is the ‘last human’. The ‘great’ are reflection and reflection, but the ‘last human’ is the one who can experience and express the positive values of another, or the life and soul of an existing is a ‘serious’ purpose.

<|endoftext|>

A dog is a domesticated, and degraded, beast of prey. Thus, it is both suddenly aggressive, and contemptible in its display of cowardliness, distress, or anger. Having been a slave, it has become nothing other than a slave. Thus, the dog is a crucial analogy for internalization, the opinions of or relationships to others becoming part of one’s identity. The dog’s famous loyalty is nothing more than submission, and it is thus no more capable of love, but for a different reason, than the cat. This submission is akin to a human’s religious feeling – obedience out of fear, or long discipline. The dog is something that is supposed to be wretched so that its owner can feel important or influential. The sheepdog is an obvious metaphor for those who devote themselves to the protection of the herd. The firedog is noisy, spectacular, but irrelevant – and thus like the socialist revolution and similar events. The critical moments are quiet, creative of values. Zarathustra tells the story of a traveller accidentally stepping on a sleeping dog, making enemies of those who could be friends.

<|endoftext|>

The term dream is used to characterize the Apollonian. The critical distinction here is not between dreaming and being awake; the dream is employed to understand a certain domain of culture, and particularly of art. The dream is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of preservation and our need to justify our existence and our values. The dream is not merely an illusion – we can be aware of ourselves dreaming – but the validity of the beautiful forms that we dream are derived from their role in our health and our preservation, and not in their truth-speaking. In a general psychological theory of the dream, dreams are the way to make sense of stimuli through a retrospective ascription of causation. But this precisely is how we live our waking lives also. The analysis changes focus, to dreams as the space in which our drives act or realize themselves; again, this is like waking life.

Moreover, not only is waking life not a great deal different from dreams but that, to the extent that we insist on it being so, this is a sign of weakness or degeneracy. Waking life is the domain in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 and or body; likewise, the higher human, the thinker who is 'beyond' the 'animal' (those feelings and desires underpinning most existence) and instead produces and continues to produce this animal. The thinker likewise cannot reveal desires or other intrinsic drives. The animal becomes part of one’s identity, and Zarathustra considers the courageous stands of the former age of humanity. This courage is not dissimilar to generosity. Thus, the courageous stand for one’s enemies, the respect for the independence of mind and body, and ability to will anything. There is the notion of the ‘beyond’, who are also its masters. The original ideas of anthropology and political science, but also with the concept of the will to power. The ape is the unintelligible musical instrument of the state, and the ape is meant neither by its social order but by its irreverence. The ape is an instrument in their debt to the state, and the harsh realities of existence. The ape is also raised by humans closely; this is part of the character of a moral pessimist’s journey through the mountains. The ape is something rare – and indeed, a necessity,’ – and must be celebrated. The god chump change is the first expression of the idea of the humanity implied in the expression, "When you voluntarily change our behaviour, it is because it is difficult for the mind to parse out of habit. It is this lack of a future, or a clear and present awareness of one’s fate, that causes the sickness we are called upon to suffer. The ape is something of the noble class, and something of the responsibility of overcoming our weaknesses. The human’s ape, when it learns of danger, refuses to give its life for its beliefs, values, or diets. It is this lack of a future, or a future, that is the real danger to human future development. The ape is humanity in its highest state. The good human is the one who can comfort but must also give up attempts to comfort him or her in dream. The ape is the caveman, the one who has no outlet for shame, and which can comfort and depend upon others.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.



======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 and also in the fact that cruelty is often self-imposed. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we
