======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the concept of democracy, at least act as a provisional instrument for stability and the overcoming of militarized nationalism. Following its in-deep idea, a ‘future democracy’ is characterized by independence of opinion, and modes of life and employment. This future form is distinguished from current forms, such as parliamentarians. The democratic ideal is also considered as that which breaks up rigid class hierarchies. It thus liberates individual ambition, although at the cost of a collective and enduring sense of the future, of the executive power of the group, and productive differences. Democracy produces a people incapable of command and is in danger of falling prey to a tyrant.

Importantly, though, that first broad definition of democracy means that it influences non-political domains. The democracy of concepts whereby modernity considers anyone as ill who is single-minded; the democratic notion of universal natural law; or the democratic prejudice that now pervades science and eliminates one of the basic concepts of life, genuine activity.

<|endoftext|>

Depth has several meanings. First, depth describes the more interesting or revealing rule (i.e. those who are not among the great and noble), as opposed to the exception. Second, that which is ‘below’ the superficial, especially conventional interpretations of psychological phenomena. Third, similarly, some people or peoples are ‘profound’ as opposed to those who are only superficial. Partly because interesting and revealing, depth is often the necessary precondition or accompaniment of height and ascent.

<|endoftext|>

Descartes is a seventeenth-century French philosopher. His importance is being first in the line of ‘modern’ philosophers who offer a critique of the Christian concept of soul. Similarly, Descartes’ idea that animals are biological machines is praised, as well as Descartes as a psychologist. Nevertheless, Descartes’ faith in the immediate integrity of self-reflection is a frequent target.

<|endoftext|>

Desert is a common symbol that it stands for some mode of life or method of enquiry that is characterized by solitary suffering, wandering or uncertainty, and thus also temptation (a mirage or an oasis). The story of the Israelites wandering in the desert (Exodus) or the temptation of Jesus in the desert are unavoidable allusions; likewise, anthropological accounts of nomadic peoples in Arabia. For examples, the camel tests its strength in the desert, the lion becomes lord of its desert so that the symbol of desert presents a comic song of moral and sexual temptation in an oasis. This symbol relates closely to several others, including the south and wandering. 

<|endoftext|>

There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic 'need' of a lower kind: a narcotic to disguise one's discontentment. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is essential to be well disposed towards oneself to avoid one's actions being determined by reaction or ressentiment. Reverence for the self is thus a noble trait.

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus, the inversion of the ancient view that work is contemptible. Significantly, there has a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as generally applicable (i.e. to humanity as a whole), as a primary effect associated with our individual philosophical development, and as productive to the future of the human. An important passage is ‘On the despisers of the body’. The argument is that these desp

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 the concept of a bridge is thus presented in the second line of thought. The notion of a magic ring is thus revealed to be a scientific demonstration of using the patterns formed by sand on a vibrating plate to visualize resonance. The idea is that if the metaphor of pure observation is to be useful in a religious symbol, it must also be applicable to art. Likewise, the musical arts may be used to describe effects related to sound. The notion of science in a way akin to dance is dreaming – only this time, we  (thus, the simplifying operation of symbol) is not a dream.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 the opposite views about the broadly ascetic practices – selective withdrawal from certain present conditions – consider that it is a condition of a philosopher’s development. Similarly, the situations under which new and enhanced forms of the human might arise – and specifying these conditions is the content of the treatments of institutions like education or marriage. Also, these conditions would allow a reader to understand the information delivered by the writer.

Furthermore, many effects that have traditionally been devalued (such as lust or envy) are nevertheless not merely necessary aspects of life, but even essential conditions of it. A similar point is made about even the ‘rabble’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to declare the whole course of life in it becoming up to and through himself, says ‘The time has flowed past when accidents could still befall me’. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also
