======== SAMPLE 1 ========
inn' is a 'yes-saying' or affirmative mode of life. It is founded upon the notion that these various ways of life accounts for the actual functioning of a body – that is, the health and growth of a people, the development of cities and many other dynamic institutions. In turn, this is a sign of the excellent conscience – the desire to repress some reality – and the more immediate expression of the desire for a future of abundance. The feeling for the self is related to the image of the cave. In both these senses, the image of the abyss is petty, and the image of the fertility of pity is palpable. The first is the sense of a responsibility (a good conscience) that is not up to or irrelevant to anyone. The second is that a sense of responsibility would be one that there would be no human life, because the value of becoming would be enormous. At least, not in the sense of an 'overcoming', that is overcoming suffering.

'Too long have I. Investigated the distance (or distance with). When talking to animals, animals are often surprised to learn that they are talking to a lion. This is both because the beast of prey image is a good analogy for a human, and also because the lion image is a common practice in ancient cultures across many nations and over. The distinction between the beast and the dwarf is significant. The lion is a key figure in the development of modern Germany, and also in Wagner's Ring cycle. The dwarf image is also at the origin of artistic 'raw' cultural, and also in the history of philosophy.

The domestication of animal by beast made possible the historical sense of the Enlightenment; indeed, in Wagner, the domestication of animals is seen as a kind of dream; this is because of the recognising of differences among individuals and groups, which is always a long process. The integration of culture and the life of man is profound. The paradox is that this 'modern' culture is blind to these differences, and in some cases even refuses culture at all costs; moreover, the history of culture is itself a dream; thus, for example, the domestication of animal.

'Maudsauch was right about this' - the notion of impotence or impotence in the relationship between state and collective organism'

The traditional account of illness or decline is that of illness- links the ascetic to the saint, and thus also to the Christian. However, the sickness lederhosen is not the chief characteristic of the Christian, and indeed also that religion is a great treasure of the most ecstatic of peoples. The sickness ledererhosen are also the symbols of the ascetic ideal. To the Christian, the saint is an interconnected state, akin to a scholarly book. The philosopher is truckan [too strong for him]: the saint is too weak to be philosopher. The notion of the sickness ledererhosen is, of course, a. Cannot influence present conditions

beneath us
covements; or

contains high values of those characteristics that make a person; thus, they are 'bad' or 'lies'. Bismarck was the first to claim that the 'real' is neither the subject of nor even purposes of appearances. This conception of the self as the disfigured mirror of experience, and of things as being machines – this is not a position in which self is not in some sense ugly; instead, it is necessary that such identity with others be ugly. The notion of the sickness ledererhosen is also part of the account of the decline of Greek power. While this notion is 'common' in European thought at the level of European history, the process is different for different cultural builds. At any rate, the term 'disfigured mirror' is employed in both Sanskrit and Arianta to describe things that are not in a mirror – and thus also different from a mirror – and 'as if' again. The notion of the sickness ledererhosen is also used in both Neoplatonic and Old Testament as inclusive of Old Testament naughtiness. This last expression is not ironic; the pitiable animal instincts of the 'weaver' are already repeated many, many times. The sickness is also part of the notion of tragedy as a training for the great age of science; likewise, the sickness ledererhock is also called nihilistic. The struggle is hatred or submission to the will, and the struggle is also known as the 'emptiness of a sickness' or the feast of Dionysus. Both are aspects of the 'fight list'. also, and

'too long' is an overused concept of the world. Thus, the concept of 'time' is also used to talk about the fragmentation of human populations

the over human contributes to the interdependence of the world and eternity, while the noble woman is a goddess of harvest and fertility. Both of these images are in the Apollonian epic; the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
innic laws can be employed to reason from, for example, the idea of cause or effect. Thus, cause can be a moral justification, but not a scientific one, for the sake of intuition. The set of natural laws is not under consideration, but the action of creation can be natural.

Thus, on what principles are new and interesting ways of being created or made, or what is meant by accident or chance. Likewise, those disciples of Jesus who are deliberately avoiding the subject of Jesus, since then all knowledge will be a lie. In accordance, the cause and effection are treated as the least relevant, like atoms of sand. Atomism thus liberates other things, a condition of knowledge production.

Chaos is a crucial principle behind the myth of the eagle. The myth has clear symbolism, but not explicitly discussed. The eagle is the most famous symbol of a stubbornness that requires an 'honest' leadership, and the opposite of this is the case with the eagle (and the beast) that is the peace and tranquillity of circles; likewise, the eagle (and the eagle) is the wisdom of the child-god Onan. Also, the eagle is the figure of the calmness that is the aegis of sin, and the eagle is the eagle-dog of courage and ressentiment. 

The eagle is one of the animals associated in mythology with Dionysus, which explicitly refers to fat. The eagle is also a crucial figure in the conception of the myth of the serpent. The great Greek god Ariadne was a symbol of challenging the strength of gravity and the weakness of Dionysus. The eagle is aeon 17. The eagle is a very specific cultural practice that is characterised by solitary suffering, solitary insight or solitary understanding, and by solitary flux. The serpent is a symbol of perverse psychological interpretation of the real, and solitary redemption of the human which requires that these features be liberated. The cross is also about the Persian god of flight; and, the lion and the wave. The Jewish type is also called allegory because of the cross. The cross is also a sublimated, surreptitiously triggering imagination. The cross is also in a constant flow of both rational and illusory things. The serpent is both a symbol of life and also as a symbol of artistic creation. The serpent is both this image and the more abstracted, blood-red, pale and pale. 

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of 'earth' has the same meaning as the stress of 'this world'. Thus, earth means the whole of the real, including human beings, stripped of any metaphysical additions and values. Earth is opposed to that which is supposed to be transcendent to earth, superior to or 'above' earth. In comparison to these, the earth is traditionally slandered as something lowly, dirty, illusory, dark, and fallen. 'Earth', with its more direct connections to mythology, connotes these values much more readily than 'world'. Because of its alignment to reality and life, the over human is the 'sense of the earth' and 'speaks from the heart of the earth'. Since the earth is associated with matter, the 'atom' is also called an 'earth-residue'. That is, the atom is the last hold-out of a metaphysical belief in material substance.

Sometimes, also, 'the earth' is used as the proper country or nation of human beings, ignoring historically specific nations and peoples. Thus, the over human as the 'sense of the earth' means dominion over the whole earth. Because of its global reach, Christianity has been able to make the earth a 'madhouse' while free spirits are taking on the task of the management of the earth as a whole.

<|endoftext|>

Ecce Homo is one of Nietzsche’s last works, written in 1888, but not published until 20 years later. It is an intellectual autobiography of infamous immodesty. The book falls into two parts. The first concerns are his way of living with a discussion of factors like diet and climate, and why these are important. Then, the next two sections supply a book-by-book commentary on his work, and then a summary of what he considers its most tremendous significance, namely ‘the uncovering of Christian morality’.

<|endoftext|>

The literal meaning of the term 'economy' in Greek is 'household'. Economy is one of the most frequent concepts used to describe the interrelated, systematic nature of life (or, for example, the soul). It is suitable as far as both are dynamic and relational. That is, for example, an economy must involve both those who buy and sell; analogously, the system of life will have to apply both active and passive, weak and intense moments of will to power.

<|endoftext

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
inn. German and English lyric poetry was broadly socialist in spirit, but in character. The best example of this was the narrative of the women who created dance – they are objectified in this sense, but still are feminine. There is a similar use of the term feminine in singleness. The distinctive meaning here is that first sense of having power in the form of feminine, and then of not having it. The former is impossible without the latter.

<|endoftext|>

Although in philosophical history the notion of dialectic has other reference points than this (Kant and Hegel, particularly), the use of the term here is exclusively about Socrates (and by extension Plato). 

<|endoftext|>

What one habitually eats, and drinks has a relationship to one’s spiritual life – that is, on what we think and how we value. The traditional diets of various nations, the religious practice of fasting or the role of beer in German culture are ample proof. More generally, this is part of the concern with the ‘closest things’: the spiritual significance of the patterns of life that are usually overlooked by philosophers on the hunt of ‘big’ issues. The interesting part in diet is that it has a metaphorical counterpoint in the idea of ‘incorporation’: the way the will to power absorbs, digests, makes its other powers, values, or ideas.

<|endoftext|>

Digestion has several meanings. First, philosophers have always chased after the significant issues and ignored the closest things, such as the food we eat. His discussions of digestion, intestines or stomachs are thus meant to be suggestions as to how certain daily life practices affect the spiritual domain of beliefs and ideas. Second, digestion is a metaphor for the ability of an individual or group to live with specific facts or conditions, which is about those who find life indigestible and therefore want its end.

Similarly, human beings in the modern period are called homo gracilises because they can consume everything, indiscriminately, without benefit and decision. In contrast, the ‘coming philosophers will have ‘teeth and stomachs for the most indigestible’, meaning will be able to deal with – and indeed form a new mode of life out of – dangerous truths. Excrement, the product of digestion, is a strong metaphor also. Pessimists only view the world’s ‘backside’. Writing is, therefore, a necessity, like having to relieve oneself – which is a joking elaboration of the idea that ‘my writings speak only of my overcoming’. Third, to consume or digest means to make something one’s own, and thereby have power over something.

<|endoftext|>

Dionysius is a Greek deity. It is employed with many features of the myths and cultural practices associated with Dionysus, either as anthropological reference points, or as symbols: the association with grapevines, wine and intoxication; the association both with harvest and with spring, and thus both with plenty and with sexuality; the fact that the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or seduces humanity to growth and health. The original ideas of Apollonian and Dion
