======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 multiplestible), although also clear evidence of past and present. There is a hint in Epicurus that the gods Hephaestus and Tragedy depict moments of beauty and tranquillity, while the famously lustful Dionysus portrays the magnificence of love. Thus, the Greek sense of beauty is meant either a powerful state or the cleansing of the world from one’s image.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 multiplising the class structure – and therefore also more natural, beautiful or productive. The cat is also patient and seeing, and thus a metaphor for reading and interpretation as an art lost in modernity; it is also the symbol of a way of life or a way of a healthy relationship to the state. It is also a group based on strength. The state is only possible under the heading of heroes over humans, because that is the only way to say 'no' to dangers. The warrior has, therefore, to impose order on the chaos. Christianity is thus in a perpetual cycle. Both science and historiography are complicit in the decline of the human, and thus also in the achievement of genius. Therefore, how one forms a group is a product of one’s constitution; likewise, higher culture includes the feeling of power and the growth of power; and, the constant striving of one’s values and actions arises under constant pressure. Vanguardism is a form of life that needs to be stimulated every day. That is to say, life is a list of demands – tasks for which ‘retion delivers’, and which are ‘highly resistant’ to reward. The demand for revaluation is a key concept, being a measure against which one projects one’s values. The dispersion of life is a crucial idea, emphasis on the vital hundreds or millions of years of history that produces the word ‘culture’. Likewise, 1976's The Birth of Tragedy is a must-have for those who seek to understand what it is they are dreaming.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the impotence of 'City' can be found in 'antiquarian' history, which is associated with cities. Such account at best serves life only as preservation and not creation but, at worst, 'mummifies' life. The city is also associated with the 'mob'. It is thus a place where wisdom is all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of life.

<|endoftext|>

The terms ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 multiplicity of will (in either individual or group cases), from the multiplicity of drives (in either individual or group cases). There is a broad sense in which the dynamism of will is the cause of human nature; likewise, the dynamism of action is the most fundamental law of life. First, both natural and supernatural forces are necessary, in alternation within a single organism. The laws must be understood as systems capable of being aligned, and must culminate in the Dionysian. Second, the laws are the will's will's, and in turn, the wills will. In other words, the Dionysian is the midway point of the discussion of action and the nature of greatness.

The third group that questions the function of premade values concede that values are, in fact, mere repetition – no multiplications, repetitions of values, and so on. This is valid also to say that there are no concrete results beyond a few formsatter, and no end of knowledge that can be determined. also, knowledge of itself will is a double betrayal of oneself, and any attaining of higher values is bound to involve a corresponding abandoning of being of the form of a religious cycle.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one
