======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, then there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power. Moreover, the notion of will here (the ego wills actions in its interest) is no less mistaken. Therefore, there are neither egoistic nor unegoistic acts. 

<|endoftext|>

Ralph Waldo Emerson was an influential American essayist and poet of the mid-nineteenth century. Emerson has a conception of the human relation to nature that is different from Schopenhauer, involving alignment to or identification with nature, and including a definite spiritual element: ‘The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship’. Emerson, in his description of the solitary and exceptional human who believes in his own thought, also gives an element in the concept of nobility or the over human. Also, Emerson’s notion of which includes the analysis of will and motive, the critique of consciousness as the core of human identity, the nature and importance of solitude, friendship, and the oversoul, is equal to parts Neoplatonic and Vedanta.



======== SAMPLE 2 ========
, but much more importantly, the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or seduces humanity to growth and health. The original ideas of Apollonian and Dionysian, rather than distinct drives, are thought of as moments within the overall creative and destructive cycle of Dionysus. Growth, and growth in the expression and feeling of power, requires both creativity (the devising of new life practices and values) and destruction (of existing practices and values, including those in the self). Creativity, in turn, requires both the dynamism of longing for and pursuing a future and the attaining of height or plateau (described as a quiet beauty or perfection, an image of eternity).

In contrast, destruction requires both scholarly or scientific attention and a ‘cruel’ will to overcome. The ability simultaneously and joyfully to affirm all the aspects of Dionysian reality is what is at stake in an eternal recurrence. Therefore, the coexistence of both the creativeness and destructiveness are necessary. Regardless, we should think of Dionysus as an ideal, or personification, of the longing humanity should feel for its growth and overcoming, as well as the longing of life for the health of its highest products. Therefore, Ariadne is the figurehead (and mother) of the humanity that so longs; and, the character of Zarathustra is effectively a portrait of this Dionysian ideal. 

<|endoftext|>

The allusion to the disciples of Jesus is unavoidable, and Zarathustra considers the appropriate strategy would be to acquire ‘disciples. Indeed, the best kind of disciple is one who can remain ‘faithful’ to him or herself and even attack an idea to make it stronger. Therefore, calling oneself a ‘disciple’ of Dionysus, this is a way of thinking about one’s relationship to an ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Certain kinds of growth or creativity only take place under strict rules or harsh conditions. Where creativity is an overcoming, creativity needs opposition (agon). If external resistance is not to be found – a rival or enemy, a precarious situation – one must impose such resistances upon oneself, likewise, in modern music after Wagner. A related notion is that of the discipline involved in the method, such as the ‘discipline of spirit’; likewise, the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’ of history.

The word discipline is the same as that which is translated ‘breeding’ – and indeed, the concepts are related since, in both, there is a deliberate choice and harsh pruning. Likewise, the idea of education is often discussed in this connection.  At the same time, discipline without the accompaniment of nobility

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a typical characteristic of modernity, especially in Germany. It is the product of a democratic community. The point is elaborated: having political demands, and having the ability to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is no small justification of cruelty.swab. This is neither a contest about nature nor fact Checking the claims of the authors concerning the will to power. This is not to say that the claims are not true. Indeed, many of their ideas are essential for life. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, giving birth to a dancing star is a sign of weakness or degeneracy. Only a good individual or group can become a god, and this is thus impossible for that which is noble. Indeed, even the origin of those characteristics of nobility is a danger too high for the willing philosopher, a temptation he must overcome if he is to have hope in the days of the former.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the impotence of 'City' can be found in 'antiquarian' history, which is associated with cities. Such account at best serves life only as preservation and not creation but, at worst, 'mummifies' life. The city is also associated with the 'mob'. It is thus a place where wisdom is all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of life.

<|endoftext|>

The terms ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure
