======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 concept of the illusion in art and becomes a mechanism for preserving suffering and decadent forms of life from the conditions that otherwise might destroy them. by ‘iron and blood’ is an allusion to the epic poem ‘Ariadne’s Lament’; likewise, with the grand idea of the catharsis of pity and fear. concerns the death of God’s cruel attraction to human nature andymptotically solves the relationship between pity and pessimism’spair’ (i.e. a misunderstood gift from the God who created Dionysus), and the rather unspiritualised work of Wagner (the unendangered ideal of the play’). thus, both are represented by assuming equality, hierarchies and types. This is implicitly acknowledged that the ‘complete and authentic antagonism’ is between Homer and Plato: the former the deifier of life, the latter its ‘slanderer’.

<|endoftext|>

The fundamental characteristic of things as they appear to us, including ourselves and bodies, is their givenness as individual form. This is Schopenhauer’s principium individuationis and the veil of Maya. Schopenhauer, in turn, was trying to interpret Kant’s distinction between appearances and things-in-themselves and incorporate ideas from Eastern thought. ‘Behind’ appearances are the will, continually striving and becoming, without form. Here, an important distinction arises between two senses of appearance: appearance as a symbolic image in genuine art, versus appearance as mere copy, and thus as possibly deceptive. Socratic thought is the forgetting of the first possibility of occurrence,  and therefore also as the advent of a modern faith in science. This theme continues throughout his career and involves analyses of how that which merely appears is denigrated for some ‘beyond’ or ‘behind’.

Human feeling is from the ground up, a simplification of the world so that it appears as intelligible, predictable, available for human beings to use. The ultimate motive behind this is utility: without such interpretations, human beings could not survive. Moreover, different peoples interpret things according to their specific situation (e.g. climate, resources, their enemies). Thus, differences in understanding the world arise, in terms of what is valued (and what is approved or disapproved of morally).

Later, the notion of value becomes fundamental. If one rigorously rejects the hypothesis of a world, God or life that is somehow not here but ‘beyond’, then ultimately one also must rigorously refuse the notion of appearance itself. Appearance only makes sense to something ‘behind’ or ‘beyond’ it. The idea of appearance becomes transformed into the notion of perspective or interpretation. A world understood as will to power is neither something in-itself nor is its appearance but is perspectival and evaluating. The building blocks of nature and very much, including the human, are perspectives or values – in other words, relations of will to power.  

<|endoftext|>

In Greek mythology, Ariadne was the Cretan princess who aids the Athenian Theseus in defeating the Minotaur in the labyrinth. Ariadne was the subtlety to Theseus’ destructive power. According to some versions of the story, Theseus promises to marry her but then abandons her on Naxos. There, the God Dionysus becomes her lover. Theseus abandoning Ariadne is humanity leaving its possibilities of growth and health, in favour of the turn towards European modernity; and an abandonment of the mythic feminine in favour of a misunderstood masculine. Ariadne thus stands as a representative of the specific greatness of Greek humanity, desirous of the Dionysian. The poem, ‘Ariadne’s Lament’, portrays this desire for the Dionysian. We moderns may have more scientific knowledge, but it has not made us more exceptional beings, quite the contrary – our subtle understanding. Thus, only in giving up a narrow conception of the utility of knowledge, of progress as preservation and the alleviation of suffering, and other such ‘heroic’ modern achievements, will growth and beauty of the human be possible again. 

<|endoftext|>

Aristotle accounts the relation of tragedy to the chorus in ‘Greek Music Drama’; likewise, with the grand idea of the catharsis of pity and fear. Aristotle is a product of the decay of Greek culture: thus, despite his careful consideration of earlier philosophers, he has no real understanding of their greatness; likewise, Aristotle as both ‘powerful and harmless’ is exemplary of the man of science. Other themes in Aristotle include the account of time in terms of number and the notion of energeia.

<|endoftext|>

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 concept of will to power.  There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shall

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 concept of self-overcoming within modern culture (it is also an essential 'anti-Christian' who believes in the future).

Importantly, though, that first broad definition of Christianity means that it influences non-Christian concepts of the self (such as pity or friendship) and similarly those that involve the power to transform. Such transformation involves both physical and metaphysical, and involves both an evaluation of the human body and a purpose in the human relation to the earth. Here, though, it is more obvious that by assuming deniability and by avoiding action – 'no' means yes' – the earth 'despises' and 'despises' themselves for ‘dangerous beyond’, and thus 'dangerous beyond’. Such moral overtones are not, therefore, productive or creative towards the human; indeed, they are a disguise’s[_|endoftext|>), later stages of the human body and a means of disordered movement. The idea of disordered movement is in the context of the critique of the nature of art (a discussion which stays disordered by discussing the nature of the art world and its role in the growth of power; likewise, the degeneration of the will to power). Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. Moreover, disordered movement is always productive only if revalued as pure dynamic idea-making. This notion is manifested in both masculine and feminine (and, in modernity, in art and music) the use of the feminine and masculine as two adjectives of the artist, which is also part of the concept of a music that is as pure as possible, without any element of theability of cause and effect.

<|endoftext|>

Beauty is both a narrower and a more comprehensive concept: more restricted, because not all art has been beautiful as its aim or effect; more extensive, because not all that is met as beautiful is art. Beauty plays a role as the healing quality of the Apollonian illusion, which both protects us from but also allows some access to wisdom concerning the true nature of the world. This also means that the primary distinction among aesthetic categories is not between beauty and sublimity (Homeric epic is a relevant category within the Apollonian), but between both together and a third: the Dionysian effect that rightly belongs to music. Beauty is a late innovation, masking the shudder in the presence of the divine. 

Beauty has a decisive relationship to knowledge. Nothing is beautiful, but only because it is known; likewise, the origin of beauty may be ugliness coming to an awareness of itself. Because knowledge always involves projection of human values onto its object, and could only be knowledge of being, it is thus an illusion. The portrayal of expertise, as far as it must involve a metaphysical error, is beautiful; and the progress of knowledge is the transformation of the ugly into the beautiful. Philosophical reflection in terms of procreation and childbirth: the philosopher is pregnant with wisdom and requires a beautiful soul (Socrates) as midwife to bring this wisdom to term. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates the lack of a profound contrast to the sublime as conventionally thought, the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint
