======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, as we have already seen, there is an immediate and fundamental difference.  This difference is not that between "serious" (i.e. intellectual) differences, and superficial and superficial differences. If indeed differences are productive (though not always visible) features of one's character—for example, a weak intellect, a stubborn self-interest, etc.—then we should ask ourselves why. What does it is that makes a difference?

When we talk of differences, we mean differences that are not trivial, fundamental to our values (for example, the question of the moral code).  There are two primary types, those called "commonalities".  Because they are significant, they are called a single quality. Importantly, however, their values are not the same. The distinction between commonalities and fundamental differences is a distinction that needs to be obvious: something must be fundamental to be a significant quality, or more, but what, if anything, is most important about it all. The fundamental differences are called virtues. For example, the 'great' virtue is not pessimism, but is instead an approach to health and stability. Because virtues are not things, they do not have anything to do with some fixed ideal. The idea is that, for example, the individual is only valuable by being brother to the whole, and not by being master of his or her body. (This is a crucial distinction, because the opposite is true here, as well as across cultures and histories alike: the more so than with virtues – a distinction that can hardly be said to be intellectual or moralised (and therefore often noble) that it has also intrinsic value as a value-neutral concept)].

A typical sense here of commonalities is between those Buddhists still consider as gods. The point is that the distinction between gods and Buddhists is also a distinction between oneself and things in general. The concept of virtue is also used to distinguish between two things, for example, the 'good' people and the gods. By virtue of which, there is a concept of power – that is, of the virtue of power – that is, the distinction between the genuinely noble and genuinely bad.

<|endoftext|>

Buddhism is a belief system founded on the idea of liberation. A concept broadly associated with modernity, the notion is that which allows one to overcome one's past, to move beyond my earlier opinion (e.g. Buddhism today), and to be noble is finally recognised as illusory, and not within the meaning of science or logic. That is, even if one understood a concept of 'higher' value differently, including philosophy, it still remained the same: a concept borrowed from Eastern thought and perfected in Buddhist thought. The idea is similar in the following respects: first, that 'true' knowledge is 'interpreted'. This is a 'transcendental' view, meaning that we can 'transcend' or find new purposes or means. Not surprisingly, though, this brings us to the 'science' aspect of the theory of the mind – that is, our knowledge of psychological states – and the 'interpreted' notion that concepts like 'reason' or 'reasoning' give us a 'sense of' these objects or processes. Second, understanding is not for the 'discoverer' only. What is 'real' is understood only as a certain form of reality, and this form is to be understood. In other words, it is a mode of understanding.  Finally, what is understood is understood that is to be judged a fiction, or a form of degeneracy.

The concepts of 'belief', 'hypocritical' or 'blasphemous' are used to illustrate the essential distinction between 'true' and 'false'. Truth is genuine and acceptable. The other important meaning of the word 'true' is 'consistent', and therefore more relevant in modern life than before the Industrial Revolution. Analogously, truth is acceptable and useful; it is different from the 'consisting of an active reality'. An important historical example of this distinction is the ‘Christian claim concerning the effect of the inveterate dieters' cravings on intellectual life’. The ‘transitional period’ represents the period of a sustained, productive Christianity, culminating in the ‘Christian abundance’. This period is characterized by spiritual growth and a ‘meth of words’ (those used as a standard human communication system) to express the idea of value creation; also, by the asceticism of the Renaissance; and a catastrophic religious break that would transform Europe, and the whole human species. Here, the ‘world’ is compared to a series of historical blocks. The notion of the ‘world being one’s old age’, or state of mind.

The 'science' of cognition, one might say. This book is aimed at those who understand cognitive science at a critical period: the rise of Kant

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
, his brother and a certain other woman called Ariphédia.
In Plato's Republic, Ariphédia is supposed to have been the mother of Tragedy, when she delivered the famous line of dialogues. Therefore, even though there are several versions of the dialogue, most of them involve some form of an allegory, the whole thing being a lie. To contradict this idea would be to say that Ariphédia herself did not speak this line – instead, she did not recall it, and as such, had no place in her philosophical account of the events that led to the fall of the first Rome. Instead, the whole thing is an elaborate hoax, made up of several lines of dialogue with each other, and written down. This is repeated every time a philosopher tries to explain away an essential difference, like the difference between "good" and "evil" thoughts or feelings.
This lie is repeated several more times, often with a clear implication: in the case of Plato, this lie was that he could develop a 'pathos' to her that would allow him to be the philosopher he can genuinely be – not a lie, but an allegory – which would allow him to repeat these thoughts and ideas as often as was practical (this would be akin to the discussion of ego).
Even though this "lie" is supposed to have been repeated many times before becoming a genuine concept, it still remains – to some extent – the defining feature of the idea of genius. The following is part of a series.
The myth of the philosopher having developed an "honorable pathos" in Plato might be an example; the philosopher cannot be good, because he or she is a form of will to power. So, the notion of a philosopher having developed an "honorable pathos" is a far cry from "honor your opinions with an echo" – this is nothing but making use of the wisdom from an inferior position, rather than from a genuine desire for power and prestige.
As far as the philosopher has any interest – and this is a positive way of saying that no matter what kind of philosopher he/she is, he or she has no right to demand or make demands about them – that is to say, the pursuit of wisdom is morally unacceptable. So, the philosopher cannot be good or beautiful; indeed, even the philosopher who finds it difficult or impossible to be a tyrant might want to change him/her. The philosopher is not the instrument by which society functions, and this is most often the case with the philosopher. Likewise, there are people like Alaric and Pannonia and all the others – these people were people who made a moral attempt to be good, but whom most people still do not want to be. 
This is precisely why the phrase maximizes (in the sense that it wants to make it obvious that the philosophers sought a noble pathos). Likewise, the philosopher must be a noble – that is to say, a person who loves and values truth but who loves wisdom  – not merely a trick of the imagination or naïve hope. For example, the philosopher is neither a seeker after knowledge nor someone's faithful companion, since these are not philosophical virtues at all. It is in this sense that the philosopher – that noble who seeks wisdom but who still needs it – is called nobility. 
Likewise, despite the widespread feeling of inferioritynd by some to philosophers, this notion of the noble must also apply to the philosopher. Not only does the noble have an effect on the philosophers, but this feeling must also be expressed in their discipline: on or off a university scholarship. In general, the philosopher must be a saint ‘for that is how it is who they are – and how they might be the very people who seek to make those who might be wretched into saints.
This idea is both the product of a desire for an ideal state of the human body and of a culture trying to influence one (perhaps to make culture more noble), that is here, and also in part translated as a vocation for people who need to be elevated. 
<|endoftext|>

An interesting distinction lies in the distinction between thoughts that are not real and thought – whether, for example, an abstract idea such as 'this world belongs to me' or the real-life form of Socrates. Socratic philosophers understood that no thought could be a judgement of real-life life, but which also rejected the separability of thoughts and behaviour. 'The Concept of Reality' considers the relevant texts on human cognition, and also the historical context in which the notion of thought was first developed.

<|endoftext|>

The highest law is desire. An ethical sense of desire is to seek to understand what drives people to seek pleasure in their life and in the world (i.e., to desire). The idea here is not that all life is moral or sinful but instead that such drives are universal and fundamental to human nature.



======== SAMPLE 3 ========
, if they even exist.

<|endoftext|>

There are many ways to assess the significance of a concept: firstly, the sense in which that concept is understood. The value of innocence, for example, is a question of using the concept of innocence, which is an essential characteristic of a maxim, to produce a sense of danger. Also, the concept of innocence arises from the idea of 'miscalculation' and is a maxim with which we all share.  

Second, it is true, the notion of innocence is a 'mistake', since the mistake is not the accident but the development of our understanding of the origin of it. It is a moral responsibility upon others to protect and reinforce it, to which the word 'honesty' relates. Moreover, it is the concept behind the concept of self-respect to be a moral principle. The self, in short, is not 'another'. Therefore, the idea that the notion of innocence is a mistake is a universal one, akin to the universal moral principle against 'errors'. It is thus a relevant idea even for those moral issues which cannot be called out in the first place. In sum, 'Unto Others' would be a great moral 'miracle' that would be a necessary aspect of human action, taking itself very seriously. 

<|endoftext|>

In Greek mythology, Dionysus is one of the gods of love. Here, he is the 'beast of the Liffey', and is said to have been pregnant with Dionysian characteristics, or characteristics, that made her beautiful. These characteristics are thought of as an infinite number of interconnected, eternal cycles. The beauty of these attributes is that they are encoded in the form of a 'cry'. Also, the notion of a 'sensation' is a key element in the notion of hypnosis. Indeed, the idea of a 'sensation' is a crucial part of the idea of intuition; that is, the notion of an underlying cause (i.e. a being capable of perception or perception-similar), in some other sense. Accordingly, the concept of a 'sensation' can be used to describe the phenomenal world. The idea of the 'sensation' then, is akin to thinking of a mirror – that is, the image of some essential element – as 'immovable'. The idea is rejected in favour of the concept of an image of a mirror (perhaps a mirror image is a bad description of the human being), but as an analogy as well. Likewise, the idea also stands that the idea of an image has an equal and opposite meaning to that which is an identity, but without ‘self-contradiction’.

The idea of the mirror is also associated with Rousseau. The mirror image is supposed to be the 'night of insight' and thus to be at once an object and also an ‘place of power'. The idea is that ‘where all experience is a mirage, that is a falsehood,  that is to say, without the mirror, without intuition, will always be present.  The mirror image becomes ‘the wisdom’ of the whole human race. Thus, the mirror image is thus a ‘vital ‘knowledge’ – that is, a ‘courage’ to reveal oneself to others, even to your closest friends, to show your ‘knowledge’. If we are to learn from ourselves, to understand ourselves, we must also look at the mirror.

<|endoftext|>

Descartes was the first philosopher of science to say the following about logic. The essential characteristics of logic are that it rejects a notion of power (or causality) as being the chief constituent of value-creating (i.e. natural law, reason, law of values, etc.) and creates values through discipline (i.e. pure reason). However, this is not the case in the true sense – the real is subject to the laws of reason. Indeed, this discipline is itself a form of value – that is, a form of experience. Likewise, reason must produce an instinct in order that it might be a method of discipline; likewise, the discipline of logic and science. In other words, both science and logic must produce an ‘energized’ scientific mind with a spirit of science, a spirit of observation (especially observation of difficult problems), ‘great observation with great ‘dynam’, ‘worthy observation’ (though not necessarily ‘unprecedented’). Such a spirit of science must be able to study itself, to understand itself, and to believe that the world it claims to be, is now, is creating. This might involve seeking to understand life itself, or even questioning the cause. It is a course of life that produces great people, which can then produce philosophers, who have the courage and the ‘c
