======== SAMPLE 1 ========
||>

Descartes is a seventeenth-century French philosopher. His importance is being first in the line of ‘modern’ philosophers who offer a critique of the Christian concept of soul. Similarly, Descartes’ idea that animals are biological machines is praised, as well as Descartes as a psychologist. Nevertheless, Descartes’ faith in the immediate integrity of self-reflection is a frequent target.

<|endoftext|>

Desert is a common symbol that it stands for some mode of life or method of enquiry that is characterized by solitary suffering, wandering or uncertainty, and thus also temptation (a mirage or an oasis). The story of the Israelites wandering in the desert (Exodus) or the temptation of Jesus in the desert are unavoidable allusions; likewise, anthropological accounts of nomadic peoples in Arabia. For examples, the camel tests its strength in the desert, the lion becomes lord of its desert so that the symbol of desert presents a comic song of moral and sexual temptation in an oasis. This symbol relates closely to several others, including the south and wandering. 

<|endoftext|>

There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic 'need' of a lower kind: a narcotic to disguise one's discontentment. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is essential to be well disposed towards oneself to avoid one's actions being determined by reaction or ressentiment. Reverence for the self is thus a noble trait.

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus, the inversion of the ancient view that work is contemptible. Significantly, there has a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as generally applicable (i.e. to humanity as a whole), as a primary effect associated with our individual philosophical development, and as productive to the future of the human. An important passage is ‘On the despisers of the body’. The argument is that these despisers’ despising is worthy of respect. However, they are still in some way reactive, or incapable of ‘creating beyond themselves’; their despising is a negation and thus not productive. It is not a ‘loving despising’. Similarly, Zarathustra says to the ‘ape’ who warns him about the great city ‘I despise your despising’ for it is founded upon impotent rage and revenge. An earlier version of this idea is intriguingly entitled ‘The over animal’. Also, the theme of despising again should be understood as a revaluation of the Christian theme of loving one’s enemies - the redeeming human of the great love and despising.

Contempt act as a feeling of power. To have contempt for something – that is, for one’s negative value judgement to achieve the level of a passion – is a mode of feeling power-over. It is, therefore, a primary drive. Likewise, the modern feeling that freedom is an absence of discipline. Equally importantly, the sense of power is a vital part of pity. Alternatively, self-contempt is found in empathy, as far as one projects one’s suffering onto others.  

<|endoftext|>

The devil has three primary meanings. First, it is common fears and traditional conceptions of evil. Second, the devil may be certain temptations, through which one might deviate from or be held down from one’s path

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
||

Aeschylus is the first one and the purest of the Greek tragic poets. 

<|endoftext|>

Aesthetics is the philosophical treatment of art and related concepts.

<|endoftext|>

States of mind (or reports of states of consciousness) that include an immediate evaluation of the state of its objects, such as pain, pleasure, or the emotions. Moreover, these states assign objects as causes or locations (this is painful, that makes me angry, etc.). All these words could also be translated as either 'emotion' (though few would call pleasure or pain an emotion) or more commonly 'feeling'. The feeling can seem to be a value-neutral report of a factual state. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
||

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. Not all usages are this comprehensive and grandiose; likewise, Plato finds no evidence of a priori principles or modes of life that could not be expected to work in a free-living future. Early Christians were not creators, for example, but as slaves. This notion is illegitimate in a free-living future,  at least. Moreover, not all writers are free ists; this is partly because, without creating by or procreation by values, it is not possible for text to be precisely descriptive of the reader. So, for example, Christianity is a valuable historical account of a catastrophic turn in European history. Not all authors are created equal, and not all readers are akin to God.

Third, it is about the contribution of Eastern culture to the modernity, which is thought of as culturally productive. Other themes should be added. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to
