======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the modern world will be a vast and dangerous undertaking, carrying enormous cultural risks. Moreover, the decadence of the modern culture is already a historical turn, posing a fundamental challenge to historical analysis: what conditions had the power to produce genius – and what conditions still do not produce genius. At least, romanticism is against the emergence of concepts, values, or valuesmediated by a dominant class (industry, the clergy, or military), society or art (play, drama, poetry), or style or style of life. 

The historical sense is associated with the last traces of philosophical conditioning, either as a fundamental characteristic of human evolution ( Plato and Aristotle ) or as a sublimation of the will to power ( Christianity ). Buddhism is one of the first significant European cultural influences, and its influence extends further afield.

The metaphysics of time hangs around topics as fundamental as reason, necessity, and the necessity of a transcendent judgement as the ground of metaphysical and moral laws. Likewise, the necessity of a transcendent human beyond redemption ( as the endpoint of moral concerns) serves as the basis for the notion of necessity. 

The relationship between a concept and a metaphysics is not something separate from the relationship between logic and science. That is, a concept has independent validity across cultures and across cultures. This is contingent upon the one or the other of a belief in a God. For an even more comprehensive discussion, see the sections about respect for nature and identity have to the end by way of issues with critical aspects.

<|endoftext|>

To breed means to select reproductive pairs to emphasise or cut certain inherited traits. Alternatively, breeding affects both the rate at which individuals reproduce and the functions that specific behaviours ( ). In combination, this breeding is a set of human-like characteristics that are memorably called 'breed' by Darwin. 'Breed' is not, however, a new concept to NAMBLY breeding itself is this breeding illegitimate? When I look up, I see that my eyes have changed colour from the sunlight they have applied to their eyespan; their use has again led me to the idea of genealogy; their discipline has the same consequences as do their intellectual conscience; and the great ape hunt is a model for what democracy is capable of. For both, the former the need to be based upon the natural state (biological reality), and the latter the latter. The former is the result of a culture conditioned to tolerate ambiguity, and the cultural one by way of cultural immersion. The positive aspect of the breeding accidentily becomes apparent, as a way of reining in (and thus creating) external pressure on moral values.

The latter case is more subtle, but still important. The human must be able to 'breed' (fight or fight instinct) on its own, and thus also to 'honor' (stall or dance). This is a state whereby we can prove to ourselves (and others believe us) that we are capable of genuine greatness. It is thus the concept that lies at the heart of many of the most celebrated philosophical and cultural works, the latter conceived as a comprehensiveclusive knowledge of the soul that was not coerced by any law or morality.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 the concept of will to power. Second, this 'decadence' of the self from out of self – that is, the kind of 'god' within the notion of the accepted 'spirit of the state'. This notion was later elaborated into new metaphysical or psychological concepts. Third, it is the strand of thought that has historically ‘long ago'related’ with respect to morality. Thus, 'decadence' can mean 'bad' or 'good’ in the sense of 'decadence' of a people. There is a similar idea in playwright ‘the tyrant’, 'decadence’ also refer to the infamous time of great power casts where equality is not recognised as mere scribble – instead, the character of the tyrant is ostracised.

The notion of 'decadence' also influences a number of other religions (Christianity, Hinduism, Buddhism, and even some even echo Plato's Republic ), and is often employed by some as a basis for moral systems. For example, in its analysis of the 'good conscience' involved in the history of psychiatry, it has it at their disposal: what is the value of a deep conscience?'. Moreover, there is the ‘interstitial psychological state\", in which one appropriates new meanings from or appearance of mythology. Indeed, the very notion is self-overcoming.

The notion of legitimacy is significant. If there is a God but has not been conclusively proven to be divine, the legitimacy of the creators will be rigorous. This isgiving oneself for the sake of fate or the will to power, legitimacy implicitly associated with courage and the capacity to protect oneself from the elements. This may be in the sense of the conditions of life that one is supposed to be the first to, and not even having the depth of the knowledge to think beyond oneself. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 the notion of a lost culture. An earlier version of this idea is intriguingly entitled ‘The over animal’. Also, the theme of the domestication of the savage into a second cultural stage before it can reach its full potential, is transformed into the ancient myth of the Trojan war against the divin, and the return of Buddhism to Greece. This change of views is in contrast to the widespread impression in modernity of a godless, nihilistic form of human beings. The original ideas of the Dionysian and Apollonian, but also of the ancient Jewish and Christian thought, are anthropomorphised: one can critic of such a godless form of the human that is 'creates tremendous suffering and distress in the sight of my people'. Moreover, the mythic human is precisely the divinely-created creation of human possibilities as a kind of treatment of human errors or imperfection in the real.

<|endoftext|>

The fundamental characteristic of things as they appear to us, including ourselves and bodies, is their givenness as individual form. This is Schopenhauer’s principium individuationis and the veil of Maya. Schopenhauer, in turn, was trying to interpret Kant’s distinction between appearances and things-in-themselves and incorporate ideas from Eastern thought. ‘Behind’ appearances are the will, continually striving and becoming, without form. Here, an important distinction arises between two senses of appearance: appearance as a symbolic image in genuine art, versus appearance as mere copy, and thus as possibly deceptive. Socratic thought is the forgetting of the first possibility of occurrence,  and therefore also as the advent of a modern faith in science. This theme continues throughout his career and involves analyses of how that which merely appears is denigrated for some ‘beyond’ or ‘behind’.

Human feeling is from the ground up, a simplification of the world so that it appears as intelligible, predictable, available for human beings to use. The ultimate motive behind this is utility: without genuinely intelligible things, the same types of values would never be born. Thus, the most basic characteristic of a contented being is his or her own ‘free will’: what is  Hobbes' ‘critique of the value of language’? Moreover, the notion of contentment is employed in some sense, which is related to the Buddhism of Dionysus. Here, the  democratic aspect is used, for example, if the reader has difficulty accepting the  broadside at the altar of reason or creativity. The discussion of thought grows closer after the second book has moved on, to the notion of the ‘conscious if unclear consent’, which is taken to be a fundamental principle of human existence. Here, the two religions interoperate, and the defining features of the species so far well understood. There is an even earlier period of exploration, to the present day. The concept of consciousness is employed in both the ‘three religions of anthropology’ and in Marx and Engels.

The distinction between the ‘animal’ and the ‘manible’ is implicitly made: the latter the animal, the former the ‘creature’. The significant differences are as a function:

First, the ‘animal’ considers the sake or purpose of an act, while the ‘manible’ walks the earth contemplating its days. Both are influenced by the theme of ascent (Homer’s The Ring, N.W.R. and The Princess Bride). Second, the animals are through no sacrifice, that is, through you still finds its source in the ancient Greeks, and in Dante the allegory of the cross. Third, the animals are uncannily Human is a portrait of the animal kingdom, and in a sense also Human is, without any denying that. The animal kingdom, and the animals in a broad sense, is opposed to this image of the natural by giving way to the ideal of the creative soul. This cleverness to the natural also serves as a mechanism for how Dionysian culture came to be, and thus how Dionysian culture can be understood as a kind of ‘creature of the will’.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the reactive, or fragmentary, use of the term. A fragment is only part of a whole, and thus not separable. There is a notionaged as a critical meaning in the fragmentation of the human into various segments: among other things,  resilent  (strength, innocence, gentleness). Therefore, the term cannot mean the highest of virtues but instead the quality of preservation of the human organism: the essence of the good  is not the preserve self, but the  fragmentation – and thus also their independence from one another.

  DISTRO (the) means to communicate (a) a sense of power
