======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 moniefires) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield enhancement (for both parties). One reason struggle may not be productive is that it is not among equals: to war against an inferior is ignoble or shameful, to war against a superior is irreverent. Agon is productive, then, only if it recognises differences, rather than collapses them.

Thus, the concept of the agon is also part of 'modern ideas' such as equality, democracy or socialism. Similarly, tyranny is a monopoly of power that collapses power towards an individual—the struggle among agents within a social group. Struggle is also internal; however: since the individual self is formed of a multiplicity of drives, an agonistic 'society' is also found within the self. Thus, for example, the ascetic struggles to repress specific drives, or against enervation. 

<|endoftext|>

'The Great' King of Macedonia and famously conqueror of the known world from Greece east to India by the age of 32. Alexander gave Greek culture throughout the ancient world and brought Eastern culture West. When, 'Alexandrian' culture is a reference to wide dissemination, but also the attendant, Socratic turn of cultural scholarship to the mere accumulation of information (symbolised by the library at Alexandria). Thus, what are needed now are a series of 'anti-Alexanders' who concentrate and purify. Alexander is already a caricature of early Greek civilisation, exaggerated and simplified, although still displaying their deep-rooted cruelty ('Homer’s Contest’). The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 monstrosity.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 monistic; the connection between one’s environment and one’s virtue. The moral of cleansing one’s sin; its validity is not understood but its validity is discussed. Cleanliness as virtue is a metaphor for all that is wrong with modernity.chieving’. It is a characteristic of something conventional that it is often stripped away again and again. The aphoristic shape of 'Eternal West' (society led) is a symptom of everything negative about modernity; it is a cycle of growth, destruction and exhaustion.

The second movement is the one parallel in Aristotle's thought, first in Greek, then in modernity. It is worth repeating that this is a preliminary stage and not a conclusion.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the
