======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sounds like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘formula for greatness’. My love or gratitude comes from the fact that this fate produces me and does so as being capable of affirming myself and capable of having a creative role in the future.

The idea is closely allied to that of affirmation more generally:  to say yes to this situation is the only way of saying yes to oneself, and vice versa. It is related to the affirmation of eternal recurrence. Only an individual who embodied a healthy and ascending life; was spiritually attuned to such life (e.g. not deceived about themselves); also, could ‘redeem’ the past and present as if it were a product of their will, could genuinely love one’s fate. As such, accident, or chance (in any ordinary sense) is not relevant. Likewise, necessity is no cause for distress, for nothing can befall the lover of fate that is not also a product of the creative will.

<|endoftext|>

Several thinkers argued that any hierarchical framework of political, economic, legal, or social power must be harmful to human beings. Also, revolutionary figures and groups in the nineteenth century and beyond believed that political institutions could not be reformed but had to be dismantled. Although Rousseau was not an anarchist, some aspects of his thinking were essential for later anarchist thought. 

Although anarchism appears to be intellectually opposed to other modern ideas such as democracy, equality or even socialism, is in fact of a piece with them. Anarchism is founded on reaction and ressentiment, remains moralistic, expresses a fundamental belief in the value of pity, or instead a fundamental inability not to feel shame, and finally evidences a desire for the herd. Early Christians were anarchistic; likewise, emancipated women. Some anarchists are individuals of high power, but that power expresses itself in self-denial and pure destruction.

<|endoftext|>

Animal defers to tier, and with different connotations, Bestie. In general, it is the figure of animality to describe aspects of the human, for example, virtues, vices, drives or types. Sometimes, however, there will be a unique twist or inversion of meanings or values.

However, 'animal' does not only indicate about types of animals but animality more generally. First, 'animal' stands for a conception of humanity that tries to reintegrate the human into the broader natural world. The human has been falsely differentiated. It was countered with an 'honest', even scientific, characterisation of the human-animal.

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 sounds like the critical or moral concerns of the reader. The reader is asked to read a certain way of thinking or acting. This read as to what is real is that which acts or has effects in space and time. 

The chorus protects the space of tragedy against the intrusions of every day, present reality. Here, the actual forms the innumerable, profoundly petty, and short-sighted concerns of 'today.' Tragic experience and genuine culture require turning away from this actuality. This is another expression of the theme of untimeliness. The concept of actuality as the concerns of the present presents that it 'infertile' and 'without prophetic dreams' – that is without the ability to create, long for and pursue ideals. What is rational is actual, and what is actual is rational. The actual is that which, through a process of becoming, has reached to its full essence.

Untimeliness may involve a turning away from the actual in the above sense of 'to dryness', but certainly not in a more general sense. For, a particular hatred of or fleeing from reality characterises early Christian (and not only Christian) thought. This hatred, in turn, branched out into the elevation of Jesus to divinity as an act of resentment against those who crucified him, the notions of guilt before God, and judgement and so forth. Other examples of hatred of reality include despising the body and all that is associated with the organisation (e.g. sexuality), plus the corresponding elevation in value of the fiction that is 'soul'. Likewise, modern science involves a flight from the actual, for it relies upon ideal fictions such as the atom (or some other version of substance), number, pure observation, and law. Reality thus requires redemption. What is this 'redeemed' reality? Not some renewed naïve metaphysical faith in exterior substance or matter, for example. It can only mean recognising (not as mere knowledge, but as an alignment) reality as the will to power and perspective.

<|endoftext|>

Aeschylus is the first one and the purest of the Greek tragic poets. 

<|endoftext|>

Aesthetics is the philosophical treatment of art and related concepts.

<|endoftext|>

States of mind (or reports of states of consciousness) that include an immediate evaluation of the state of its objects, such as pain, pleasure, or the emotions. Moreover, these states assign objects as causes or locations (this is painful, that makes me angry, etc.). All these words could also be translated as either 'emotion' (though few would call pleasure or pain an emotion) or more commonly 'feeling'. The feeling can seem to be a value-neutral report of a factual state. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 sounds (although few any more intense feelings); more generally, it is in part responsible for the prevalence of the ascetic ideal and the practices it devises, which in turn has ruined the health and taste of modern Europe and continues in disguised form in morality and science; it is responsible for a whole host of moral concepts but especially that of pity; in its denigration of becoming concerning actual being, it is in part responsible for the cultural paralysis induced by the historical sense; Christianity involves the destruction of the ability to read philologically; finally, it has waged war upon the noble, healthy and powerful (the ‘slave revolt’), and in the end broken most of the great (e.g. Wagner) before the cross. Much of this damage is historical; however, importantly, many of these values or practices continue surreptitiously, even without their basis intact. This attack is directed primarily towards Christianity because of its dominant position within European history and present. Still, some of these points are also valid concerning other religions (especially Judaism) or philosophies (especially Platonism).

Second, Christianity is a frequent object of genealogical analysis – that is, a historical account of the origin and development of concepts, values, or practices. This way of thinking overlaps with the first, above.  Jesus is characterised as a kind of Buddhist, whose teachings were catastrophically misinterpreted by Paul. Paul’s notion of the impossibility of virtue and the need for revenge against the law. Here have various accounts of the origin of the concept of sin; similarly, the idea of debt or guilt when raised to its highest point, necessitated Christianity’s stroke of genius: The God sacrificed.

Third, it is about the positive contribution that Christianity – despite its explicit aims – has had. Christianity involves a powerful cultural drive to produce greatness in the form of the saint (although its association with the modern state corrupted this). Similarly, Christianity provided human beauty and refinement. In France, the Christian realized itself as the supreme human being – and thus also this is the place where high free spirits could arise since they needed ‘perfect opponents. Christianity has taught us moral scepticism. Christianity rescued the ancient world from its decadency, and in some way preserved it. Christian practices, including especially the ascetic, have produced an agile intellect capable of understanding perspective. Likewise, Christian values and institutions can now be understood as tools for the advantage of the higher nobility.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the impotence of 'City' can be found in 'antiquarian' history, which is associated with cities. Such account at best serves life only as preservation and not creation but, at worst, 'mummifies' life. The city is also associated with the 'mob'. It is thus a place where wisdom is all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of life.

<|endoftext|>

The terms ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a
