======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a new faith in the necessity of rethinking what is already a basic necessity, a necessity. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 a culture, or a particular living being, that is capable of affirming themselves and the values that go with them.

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still is surreptitiously pervasive and influential in modernity. Key to asceticism is the setting up of a moral ideal that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various analyses of the austere ideal supply evidence for these. The Treatise then forms a series of studies of the meaning of the ascetic ideal in artists, philosophers, the weak and ill and in priests. The discussion of the philosopher is significant, for here the ascetic ideal shows its often-overlooked positive aspect, as the search for the conditions of spiritual growth and elevation, like the abstinence and careful mode of life of an athlete in training. Asceticism is a way of diverting the course of one’s life onto the right path, the path that leads to another world or after-life. This means, though, that asceticism is a mode of living that seeks to cancel out experience – but that is a contradiction, and (at least at the physiological level) must be only an appearance. That is, the ascetic ideal must be somehow a way of a degenerated life-preserving itself at all costs. The priest is a kind of ‘doctor’ to the sick, serving to change the direction of their ressentiment to make it harmless. Instruments to this end are described from sections 17 to 20.  This institutionalisation of the sick and weak is also a valuable separation of them from the healthy. Both science and historiography (history understood as a scientific undertaking) are complicit in the ascetic ideal; likewise, atheism which stays ascetic in its will to the truth. In the end, the ideal ascetic means that the will to power can will anything (even nothingness), but cannot will  – that is to say, the ascetic ideal is the last recourse of a diseased form of life attempting to prevent itself falling into a ‘suicidal nihilism’. How the dangerous aspects of the ascetic ideal are to be overcome is not focused on here. There are two clues: first, through comedy, that is through a light-footed, mocking irreverence; second, through the will to the truth coming to consciousness not as a principle but as a problem. Asceticism can be naturalised, that is a return to the original Greek concept of askesis (training), a discipline of improving strength and health.

<|endoftext|>

‘Asia’ or the ‘East’ usually delivers to the following ideas that Russia as a significant rival to European power, or as a critical origin for nihilism and anarchism;  culture, social systems or philosophical systems in India or China, founded on Hinduism or Buddhism; relatedly, China about its capacity for an industrious class without resentment; the area to the east of Greek civilisation, particularly as the ‘prehistory’ of the Dionysian.

<|endoftext|>

Ass can be a general term of abuse, connoting above all stupidity and dullness or slowness. All humans, from a higher perspective, are idiotic. To the concept of ass, the distinctive braying is ‘i-a’, thus ‘jay’ or yes – the ass stands for indiscriminate affirmation, lack of taste. The ass sometimes replaces such meanings as stubborn, enduring, and even intelligent; as a weight-bearing creature, the figure of the ass sometimes overlaps with the more familiar image of the camel. The festival of the ass is akin to one aspect of the Greek ‘Dionysian’ festival – the suspension of cultural and social order; likewise, there are Medieval traditions with a similar theme. Also, the ass is made sacred in some myths

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line
