======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 concept and cultural heritage, and how that heritage may serve as a guide for future generations.

The book covers the history and development of modernity, with an emphasis on how the new culture came about. The central question here is whether it is an essential part of who we are, and thus a key element in the formation of our identity, or whether it might only be an opportunity. The book presents various ideas about what the future holds for this culture, including the possible way in which or whether it will be able to harness the full force of modernity. It then attempts critically to explore the role of the first wave of European artists who had, over the course of their career, changed cultural or cultural heritage, as well as the role of other entities like scientists and engineers. The book is well-organized but is rather unfocused, and the chapters are short.

The book begins by offering three key observations in the history of the creative arts, which will be of considerable relevance in later years of the historical development of modernity. First, the intellectual development of human life since the dawn of time in Europe; second, the development of a new conception of human development and the capacity to interpret other people's experiences; third, the emergence of a new way of thinking about art – the first will be much broader overall, as will be the latter.

Third, we should not forget that modernity is defined as, in some degree, cultural or cultural origins. There is no such thing as cultural origin. Modernity is an accumulation of human activities and characteristics. This accumulation of human will is the product of certain external processes, the development of which is a function of the growth of the creative process. Likewise, there is a decline of the cultural influence and role of the state in the development of the culture. In other words, the transformation of a culture is one of several ways that human beings, especially those who are capable of producing culture, also have an impact on its cultural and social life. In the same way, there is a need to define whether or not a single person or culture can be made to exist in the whole of human life.

The book ends with a discussion of what this new culture could mean for humans. The book then turns to the concept of a new culture, which was first called post-Christian and which has been interpreted as a new way of thinking or feeling about the future and of the origins of history. (The term postmodern (as opposed to new) came to associate with the idea in that, first, it refers to a single-minded pursuit of historical and symbolic ends and a common focus on the human as a whole). Second, the book shows how postmodern thought in a sense becomes a reaction against an attempt at cultural identity or the idea of postmodernism. Third, the book makes several connections and references to the cultural past.

The two chapters next discuss the role of the future in the development of modernity, and the various aspects of its development that relate to the way in which culture, and the modern world, is built. Although the book is primarily concerned with the notion of postmodernity, there is also a critical role for the Greek tragedy historian Apollonian and the Christian philosopher Lucian, and the historian and philosopher of life, Theologian. The books then focus on the development between Christianity and modernity, and on other historical periods that have involved a change in cultural identity or culture. Finally, there is an overview of the various types of cultural or historical history.

Finally, it is important to emphasize that the book deals, as it does, with the history of modernity, not exclusively within the confines of one particular discipline in particular discipline (like literature and art); but with the broader world of ancient and medieval Greece. All that the book does are attempt to understand the fundamental assumptions underlying the development of modernity, and then explore their possible implications for future possibilities of culture.

In this book, Nietzsche is not a philosopher, and the distinction between the metaphysical and the scientific is not made explicitly or comprehensively. (This distinction is, however, important, since, as noted earlier, the distinction between science and philosophy is not in doubt – it is an attempt to give a clearer conception of what the distinction means.) This is, therefore, a matter for analysis in an historical context, especially in the context of a specific type of historical period or situation.

The book is an essential part of any attempt to understand and describe the historical process.

2. What is an Artform?

As the concept of an aesthetic is associated with Kantian, so also with Nietzsche.

In a certain way, then, the idea of an aesthetic is related to the conception of nature, as a single image, not as a series of images that represent one or some aspects of one or some reality; such a notion of aesthetics is characteristic of all other forms of life, for example philosophy, theology, and the practice of music. Thus

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 concept the great-great was to come to the world. The great is to come to me: and we should go to a higher place or place of origin than where one has come before, and be able to make a real and genuine life out of things of this kind. Here is a line between human existence and 'instrumental life'. These are two different things. Here is a more specific example. Here is the great-great or the great-great is to come to the world. Here is an attempt to make some kind of life out of things of this kind (e.g. an instrument or object that is great, great, or great is great). This is, of course, a simplification. In the real world, however, we find that this real life is not the origin and object of a genuine life, but an effect of what is 'natural'.

A human is a kind of product of nature who had to have this kind of ability to be present in a world, to act, and not in a way that is impossible or impossible that is in itself an attack. A great-great is one who has an ability to act and feel the whole life. 

A person who is not capable of having that kind of ability is called incapable.   In others, this is a category of person who does not have as great as oneself.  What is the significance of this? We take this for one of the many, many things the Buddha talks about.   One of these is the need to make a living.  Here, a person needs to have a certain level of ability. A person who has developed this ability is called 'determinate'.  In other words [the person who is incapable] is the absolute master over life.

But it is that character of the great-great that is important. He needs to have that ability to act, feel the life, but at the same time not be afraid of things that attack him. A true life means someone with a strong sense of self-interest who is capable of giving, being, and doing what is right; who values the human life, that is the true sense of self-worth. That is to say, the great-great is a man who sees things in a way that makes them not only relevant but useful.  That is, the great-great is capable of giving, being, and doing what is right, and doing something without fear of judgement, or of not having the courage to take responsibility. That is a great-great life of values, values of good and evil, values of self-sacrifice.  Likewise, a great-great life of values, values of virtue and justice. 

On such a life, a person with a strong sense of self-worth or an ideal human might be able to give without anger, but without a great deal of pity and envy towards their 'sister'. A son might have such a person; there is a strong sense of selfishness in him. The very best human being, the great-great, could give without a great deal of pity and envy towards his sister. A great-great has no pity and envy about his daughter, who is no more than a stepchild of the great-great, and who is able to live and be himself. This great-great has no pity towards his daughter, who is a sister, and could live and be herself.  

The great-great is to come to the world, to make a true life that is genuine. That form of life, or form of people, or of all the things that live, that is the true life.   An understanding of human-life has the same characteristics as that of an intellectual. Human life, though not the spirit of human life (i.e. that is humanity, but in the form of the body), is not a kind of being; it is a product of nature. Thus, one is not able to have the power to be. The human can therefore be a product of nature; but, this power has to be given or taken from him, not from the living organism which has to give, but the living organism that has to take and consume, and so are called a product (such as God). Human living is a product of nature not as living things, but as living beings. Human beings produce the product of nature, then they are human.

The idea of a living soul is to show that human beings are not created in the image of God.  The idea of the person created is the opposite of creating or being living; a living soul is a part of the whole that is a product. This is a kind of philosophy called science without the concept of 'creation', a way of thinking of life as having been created and being the product of nature, that is created. So, to the 'true' one, there is no such thing as human being. The life of the human

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 concept, of the human as the ultimate being, and then to a concept of the human being that is not dependent on a notion of the origin of things and a human being that is eternal. The existence of the human is, thus, the nature, being or reality of existence itself.

In his book, The Right-Minded God, Kant considers that there is a need among the philosophers for a new conception of the soul, a concept that is, for Kant, an essential part of our conception of the world. Here, Kant begins to think of the conception of the soul as something more than mere abstraction, like the realm of matter and form. The soul is not merely a concept of matter: it is a kind of theologically and historically significant (if indeed metaphysical) thing. The soul is only one of a broader historical development, that is, its relation to the human.

As a metaphor for the way in which the human is made and reproduced – the individual becoming an individual, becoming an ideal – the human is not the natural product – but rather an extension of human nature. It is, in the same way, an image of the natural order, but one that is not always in the service of some higher goal - something beyond the human. As Kant himself recognizes, the soul is indeed an image, but the human is not only an object; it is an essential part of a broader historical process.

Human soul (the notion that a soul is something existing outside its being and will be created again) has always remained a myth. It means a person is a human, but not a spirit. However, some say that some human beings are truly spirits; those who believe in the soul are, in a sense, spirit-soul. The concept of 'spirits' is a crucial element in the philosophical 'history' of the modern world.

The notion of spirits is a necessary part of the conception of nature as a whole, as an immutable whole, and something unique to humans. On the one hand, spirits are like a kind of substance, but are not real. This means that nature is the basis of all real life. As such, those spirits who could change their forms could change their values – but not their deeds. Also, the spirit is a key to all good and evil. If nature was merely something abstract or unalterable, then one who would hold the spirit in trust could be someone different from him, who would be a symbol of the soul. Likewise, spirits are people, people of human spirit and will always be. Spirits are the basis of all real life, including the human, and this is an important principle of a more systematic, critical analysis of 'real' life.

But even though spirits are an essential element of a higher human, that does not necessarily mean that they are the origin or direction of the modern world. Indeed, spirits could lie in some way behind the development of humanity. There is a certain tension on the part of the modern Christian who would argue that spirits are merely an abstraction, in a way, but that is not the case. 'The spirit is a necessary character of the human,' that is, an aspect capable of being the primary and final character of the human. In other words, though the 'spirit' is a necessary and necessary character of the human, it is also a contradiction against the spirit, even a contradiction that is not an absence of virtue.

As such, there is a growing and positive sense of the importance of spirits around religious ideas, values, or practices. In the view of spirits that, 'the spirit cannot be understood without a historical perspective', then these kinds of views and practices have become destructive. (A common argument would be that a person who practices such practices as the Catholic Church has a moral duty to him or herself; it then becomes immoral and becomes a moral hazard and will thus become a criminalised religion.)

The 'spirit' that is present in modernity is not a religious concept, but rather an intellectual one. Philosophers today may not have created the most religious concept for the past hundred years. Instead, they have transformed and reinterpreted it or recast it to present it as a reality, one of a kind. This means that those who have produced religious concepts for a thousand years as the source of their understanding of human nature – including the original Greeks – have reached an age of Enlightenment, and the idea of the spirit remains. Even though the original spirit of Christianity – and particularly in the sense of 'the spirit of the old fathers' or 'the spirit of Christ') did exist in certain periods before humans, and not all other historical periods could be considered as such, the spirit still pervades the human.

Moreover, the spirit continues to be an extremely complex and challenging thing. The whole of human history is of course a difficult and turbulent story, but 'the spirit' in some aspects is a concept. The spirit is also a historical or philosophical question – one that
