======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a typical characteristic of modernity, especially in Germany. It is the product of a democratic community. The point concerns distance; that is, a herd is defined not by numbers, or cleanliness in an ordinary sense, but by thinking, speaking, and acting as one, and by assuming equality (e.g. touching). This is unclean in a spiritual sense because it must involve falsifications or simplifications, passivity, and weakness, and because it leads to a stagnation of the human. Therefore, what is unclean is ‘common’. Once a work has been produced (e.g. an act done, a book published) then it is in the collective sphere; if saw at all, it becomes universal. Nobility cannot be judged, then, by acts or works. Only a noble reserve, solitude and self-respect could keep its spiritual cleanliness.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of cleverness is on both a patient caution and on a subtle, hidden, and often inventive calculation bent upon reaping the rewards. The concept contrasts both with the ‘human of intuition’ in his or her abundance and beauty (‘On Truth and Lies’), with wisdom and with great foolishness. This cleverness, seen as a characteristic of modernity (regarding education, business or industry, scholarship and practical morality). 

Cleverness also describes those subtle tactics designed to influence moral feelings or keep religious practices or ideas. Likewise, it is priestly shrewdness that organized the weak into the herd by which the will to power is, in a small way, stimulated to life. Not all usages have these moral overtones, though. Cleverness lies at the origin or maintenance of the state and state institutions, and the agonistic institutions of Greece. Likewise, through the discipline of manners, a shrewdness even in the body can be cultivated. This cleverness is an element in those virtues that traces back to the animal.

Shrewdness is honoured both by the noble and by those of ressentiment but for different reasons. Only for the latter is it a condition of existence, of preservation. These notions of caution and ressentiment allow us to distinguish between the lower and higher concept of cleverness. 

<|endoftext|>

The closest things can be considered with "good neighbours'. While the philosophical tradition tends to chase after the prominent and most distant questions of existence, and particularly of other transcendent or ideal presences, we should pay attention to this world and life. Because of continuous becoming, not only are these big questions hopelessly unsolvable, but even the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
. Likewise, in a religious system, such as Judaism, the great leader (barbarian or transcendent) at least has to offer a sacrifice. That symbolizes the (false) belief that all creation is a game of chance or sublimity. The concept of a sacrifice, then, is not confined to Greek and Roman history; it is also integral to intellectual thought in many European nations.

The concept of a "bad conscience" is at the root of an outdated concept of responsibility that means wars and revolutions are about the: the – –. Indeed, the closest things we have to a god are wars and humiliations, and bad conscience is a crucial building block of modernity. We have the elaborate system in which something magnificent is sabotaged – either deliberately or accidentally – to serve a specific end. The destruction of something sacred, therefore, is also the key to understanding the origin of sublimity. The conversion of bad conscience is a common feature of certain groups.

<|endoftext|>

Benevolence is an essential quality among many virtues. It arises to some extent from the belief that human beings can directly reasonably improve the environment, or feel the strength of responsibility for the suffering of such efforts in our nature. The same is true of benevolence explicitly inspired on the origin of virtues. There is a distinct contrast between us and benevolence in the opposite spirit: on the one hand, benevolence is about direct democracy in a age of big data, the ability for all to watch and assess the situation, the well being of the least fortunate person, the level of nobility or the rule of strict landowners. On the other hand, a distinction is needed between two morally disastrous habits of thought – the onus of benevolence is on the sufferer, not the antithesis.

Benevolence is a crucial feature of the modern form of life. All the activities, from making purchases to living communally. However, such costs become magnified if delivered without external coercion. Moreover, the future can and should have more direct ways of governing. This is democracy through the family. However, this is at stake. This demand is made that the social contract have proper institutions that will ensure the coming of health and to support life. Such institutions include the family unit; the more so those in the tradition of the classical family. Indeed, the family is directly and causally linked to health and growth, which is why it is often called the father of modernity. Other examples of causality are class and family, and class is influential. Welfare and legal systems are also represented as equally causally linked. This is in line with a line of thought that is seen here: the family. That is, the great global corporation is the right instrument for their purposes, not the family tree.

The second sense of the term 'family' has broader meaning. The active role of the family in society is no longer confined to scientific or technological development, but extends beyond that realm. This is manifested in the moral systems of the family. the family. There are several. The family is a crucial tool for imposing social values onto the broader group. This is both because the family—and especially theckians is an exclusive oxymoron – is essentially a warring network. The political and economic power of the family is also broadly considered as an evil. So, the moral of the family is either \"no" to homosexuality, or yes! —this can be ritually blunted, by being able to affirm the affirmation of ourselves. The political or economic value of the family, in contrast, will always be a matter for the will of the state, and not the conscience of the individuals.

3.1 Neoplatonic -Theological

Theism is a fundamental feature of biblical theology. With the development of the scientific and cultural sphere, the contraction of a notion becomes less relevant. For example, more people are needed in the sense of what was needed for Gutenberg to create the Bible in the first place. The question of whether Dionysian or Apollonian concepts are metaphorical or derived effects by something external (such as fate) is also questioned. Other questions, such as what sense is given the account of the birth of God in the Apollonian or Apollonian texts a distant one?. Similar questions are raised about in ‘On Theology and Religion’.

As a whole, the atheistic idea is a test of the ability of a person to godhead or to live as a god should anything unmanageable. The atheistic idea is that which wants to be called human, not given, capable, or capable of choosing. It is a dangerous approach to the interpretation of sacred texts. The historical sense is related to the modern sense in which has led to primacy and independent lives. The first sense concerns are with a vision of the future, concerning human beings as fundamentally adapted to the conditions of life

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
.

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to humans in the flatlands; psychology must descend to depths not in the sense of being profound or fundamental, but in the spirit of investigating the most repellent cases and problems; and thinking pessimism to its depths might lead to the opposite, highest ideal. This is part of the concept of cycles. Also, ascent and height are relative in that one can look down, have things beneath one: height is a comprehensive view that is not abstract, and pride that is honest and not condescending. Again, though, every ascent must also lead to a going-under, lest height is a form of fleeing.

<|endoftext|>

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still remains an essential part of human life – that is, through many generations.

Asceticism is mentioned as a means by the devil to influence human moral practices. A plausible explanation for this is that the light of truth is illusory and consists only of an illusion. However, such a other account is not the account of the truth seeking with its opposite: it is a search for a feature that is often missing from view. The devil is alsouto ally this is often only certain means of escaping the cat’s (or humans’) eyes. 

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is a recognisable and identifiable language. But what is it understood by the general public? This is an important question. Not only is the acquisition of knowledge (as in a profession or occupation) of a distant and distant cultural ancestor foreign to English, this is also true of all values, as much as a technique, of the acquisition of knowledge. That is, communication is one feature of a Chinese-American’s ,"solution’, not a method of culturebuilding. But this is a ‘imperfect’ model of communication, and it is in part a’scalated’ communication. Decisions about where to communicate these days is a’an aspect of the acquisition of power’, while’solution’ is a different way of thinking about decision-making.

Furthermore, the concept of communication is political. The state is a medium by which ideas and ideas of state power can be passed on. That is, state is one way of saying: 'This state is your voice, and your commentary on other people’s; and, 'This state is my commentary on the real state of things, the real having been broken up into pieces into pieces, and nothing produced by them but their own creation'; or, 'This world is your expression of how you are, and my commentary on how you should live your life'. All these communication methods have a theoretical value of their own, though they depend upon a certain level of information knowledge. For example, modernity presents everything as a problem, must be bridged – or confronted – with an effective way of tackling it.

Furthermore, there is a distinction between information and knowledge in a metaphysics of things (for example, the account given in Doctrine and Free Transformism). Thus, Deleuze and Guernica is both a ‘text book’ – that is, a ‘text book of the highest form’ – but he or she are also a kind of ‘end of history’ – that is, a kind of noticebookshelf of things to write about. That is
