======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 person is a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion therefore involves an overcoming of atheism.

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value in a world characterised by becoming, and thus by the critique of values mentioned above. A life that could be willed eternally would be the only possible remaining criterion of value – it would approximate being – and yet such an experience would also have to be understood as healthy and ascending.

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 person. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous opinion’. This does not mean conceiving of one’s character and opinions as somehow arbitrary or disorderly, nor being an ‘apostate’ of the free spirit. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore, people of ‘strong character’ are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to be useful to their community. The genuinely more energetic spirit, however, will ‘give style’ to their character, force it under one ‘taste’, and indeed take pleasure in this self-imposed law. Likewise, higher spirits of this type will create a ‘role’ – a simplified version of themselves – as an instrument of communication or rule.

<|endoftext|>

Cheerfulness, most often, but the concept shades into other words that might otherwise be interpreted as happiness or joyfulness. Optimism cannot be a consequence of a lack of awareness of pain, cruelty or destructiveness – because this was the people that invented tragedy and celebrated the wisdom of Silenus – nor could it be a consequence of ‘unendangered ease and comfort’, or pure sensuality, because then philosophy would never have arisen. Instead, this cheerfulness or serenity arises because of the healing effects of Apollonian beauty. Because on its terms the immersion into the Dionysian is experienced as ‘the eternal lust and delight of existence’. That is to say, the Greeks were much more aware of the true nature of existence than we moderns but had developed a culture in which reality is justified as an aesthetic phenomenon. This degenerates after the death of tragedy into the ‘cheerfulness of slaves’ without responsibility.

There are three meanings in cheerfulness. First, cheerfulness as blissful ignorance; second, cheerfulness as a disguise, a way of appearing to be different from, and be misunderstood by, others. Third, and most importantly, cheerfulness is part of the ideal of a new form of life that does not suffer from the defining features of modernity. This last idea is, in part, an updating of the Apollonian concept; in part, it is a new analysis of the perils of an over-historicized culture (see historical sense). Cheerfulness is thought of as an effect of the exercise of power, or of one who shows an excess of strength. Likewise, it is a characteristic of someone who has found their proper element, the role most aligned to their character. Thus, the highest human beings of the present will be both ‘cheerful’ and ‘live dangerously’. Taking the questioning of morality seriously has, as a kind of reward, cheerfulness – or the ‘gay science’. In other words, there is a stage of nausea or nihilism in the confrontation with the genealogy of values, but this stage overcomes itself in cheerfulness. The significance of cheerfulness considers that optimism is a constant cycle with severe intellectual labour and a form of convalescence. 

<|endoftext|>

As a symbol, the child has two conventional meanings, either that age of humanity which is innocent or that which is most animal-like and dominated

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 person.

The third group believes that all values are multiplicities of power, and therefore also must be random. This is the meaning of 'economy' in Greek. Economy is one of the most frequent concepts used to describe the interrelated, systematic nature of life (or, for example, the soul). It is suitable as far as both are dynamic and relational. That is, for example, an economy must involve both those who buy and sell; analogously, the system of life will have to apply both active and passive, weak and intense moments of will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The term education has a broader meaning in culture and thus is also employed to express the process of cultivation. However, it is often used as equivalent to Rehang. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added
