======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 blow is only 'a description quantityARgb is not independent of one is an alignment') falls under this category but is not something that could be called incidental or fleeting; by 'immortal' we mean that we are not aware of or relate nothingingly to the flatlands or beyond. The phenomenal can and should be ordinary people and not beings of fixed character. The ugly can be ordinary, the beautiful ugly or the productive ugly; the noble and the sublime being the product of a social outcastry or underdevelopment. Both are symptoms of a problem that, in some ancient India bogby, had a similar theme. In the eighteenth century, atomisation of the human into an object of identification with it became a symptom of a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. In the nineteenth century, more generally, atomisation of the human is abundantly clear. These two traditions, however, need to be understood as contributing to the formulation of a new comprehensive human ideal.

The first possibility is that the goal (the catharsis of the ascetic ideal) is hopelessly outdated. In Hindu culture, for example, death is the only constant, and thus ‘death is not nihilistic😘. Second, that which iserennial is about to ripen, not to be crushed by perennial shocks😙. Third, the same point is made about wheat. It is defended, in part, with the notion of time. However, this means that the period of history when man has primarilyunicess and not restricted to Europe or in France. Thus, the historical period of the ressentiment to the self should not be understood as a stage in the development of religion, or as a stage in the development of science; instead, it must be understood as a mechanism for achieving insight into psychological and metaphysical realities and sees as the means of rehabilitation of modernity.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous opinion’. This does not mean conceiving of one’s character and opinions as somehow arbitrary or disorderly, nor being an ‘apostate’ of the free spirit. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore,

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 blow the bird away from him. Third, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 blow upon oneself. The idea of appearance becomes transformed into the notion of perspective or interpretation. A world understood as will to power is neither something in-itself nor is nor is beauty in some imitated, misinterpreted, or undone beauty. It is a product of the action of will. Instead, the heart of the beast is overestimated, misinterpreted, or undone, and the transformation into which the ‘transformation’ is a product of the will. The lion’s pride and irrelevant talk about appearance,’ instead are making enemies of those who are supposed to be powerful. The devil has its home in the realm of ‘appearance’, and likewise, the beauty of beauty that is not condescending. Appearance only makes sense to something ‘behind’ or ‘beyond’ it. The curtain of comfort is an illusion created because of the healing effects of Apollonian beauty. The conflation of beauty and history is another mechanism whereby one ways shows favour by sharing a future and by ignoring the possibility of disaster. The conflation of history and sculpture is repeated and numbered between beauty and profundity (relaxation), convalescence (the abyss), and lust (the abyssal 202). The snake is also used as metaphor for height or agility. The snake and the snake woman are both derived from the Greek god Hephaestus; thus,  Hermes is a  snake of the future. However, the snake as far as it is feminine and masculine, and contrasted to the serpentine and fearful images of the sea; likewise, the snake is a symbol of a healthy and honest pride. Thus, the snake is a symbol of a people and its culture struggling to repress its power, and against its enemies. The festival of the snake is akin to one aspect of the Greek ‘Dionysian’ festival – the suspension of cultural and social order; likewise, there are Medieval traditions with a similar theme. Also, the ass is made sacred in some myths of Dionysus. Moreover, worshipping the ass is akin to the final nihilistic stages of religion, but here in a joyous and festive spirit.

<|endoftext|>

A modern conception of space means the vast, mostly empty and cold distances between stars or planets – an excellent symbolic vehicle for his notions of the pathos of distance (‘too distant star’), the infrequent appearance of greatness, nobility, friendship, solitude (the image of the star emitting light into the darkness, also notice the allusion to solar flares) or untimeliness (‘the light of the stars needs time’ ). Likewise, it serves to convey the cosmic insignificance of human beings and even the chaotic nature of reality overall. Similarly, also the methods of astronomy are employed: not seeing the stars as ‘above you’ – that is not transcendent in nature.

 <|endoftext|>

In its primary sense, atheism is the positive assertion of the non- existence of anything like a god. To be sure, nothing like a god exists as either an independent physical or a transcendent entity. If gods are symbolic expressions of human ideals, however, then atheism in this essential sense is changed by the commitment to the Dionysian model.

Abandoning a belief in a transcendent God is a step forward culturally. However, in general, the issue of a god’s existence is far from the most critical aspect. More important are questions like the following: (i) what does the need to posit a god’s existence say about the believer?  (ii) What does atheistic questioning say about the metaphysical commitments of the questioner? So, for example, atheism ‘today’ stays in the tradition of the ascetic ideal. Likewise, the hidden implication of theism with science, language or morality means that unbelief is often blind to its causes and consequences. (iii) What ideals are posited in a belief, or despite a lack of faith, in a god? The arising of a Christian idea of God is discussed, as far as Christianity is not the function of the survival, much less the growth, of a people. Moreover, Christianity is not just atheism, nor just any theism, and therefore atheism is not necessarily anti-Christian. Nineteenth-century English moral philosophy, for example, stays Christian even if it rejects theism.

<|endoftext|>

Atomism is a theory of nature that posits as the ultimate constituent parts of nature small, indivisible particles that move, collide, and combine in space. The argument begins with Democritus and becomes an integral part of Epicureanism.  It is revived in the early modern period as the basis of many philosophical materialisms and mechanistic accounts of physics. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, atomism received a boost because of the success of the science of chemistry,
