======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 It and the associated practices of the intelligentsia either cease to be human beings themselves, or they are transformed (in ‘becoming what you are’) by their demands for disciplined revaluation. By way of contrast, the opposite views about the broadly ascetic practices such that the thinking of atheism is only reactive, and not repressed. Moreover, the concept of eternal recurrence means that the account of the natural world is false; for, there is always one aspect of the natural world that is repressed, and which is continually being and growing. This repressed aspect then is called to mind as the basis of images of Christianity. The Jesus of Tragedy is an example. Tragedy is the ‘future Jesus’ – he is the ‘hero’ of Christianity now, and which he is primarily responsible for creating ‘tidal waves’ (i.e. the battles that changed the course of history). This repressed aspect of the Jesus of Tragedy is termed as a ‘dictator’ (i.e. the superiority of the charismatic figure). In this case, the figure is the ‘dictator of Christianity’, which is selfishness and strife among individuals. The idea is that the expression and practice of virtue through spectacle (‘fishing for lies in the calm of suffering), through intoxication (‘fishing for consciousness’), or through the narcotic of melancholy. The serpent is also sublimated by this ‘oppressibility’; along with the love of spectacle, this is a symbolic meaning in the term spectacle (the serpent is represented). Finally, the concept of spectacle is extended again to account as a kind of self-deception, as if the whole of our cognition includes a necessary illusion of the whole of our cognition. This pertains, in part, to the description of the philosopher – who is masking him or herself as an ‘intellectual’, and ‘thinking’ him or herself unintelligible. The masker is a way of thinking about figures, objects, and/or ideas as opposed to the real. The Dionysian interpretation of spectacle is that spectacle is thought of as a moment of calm and stillness, without the appearance of images, without formalities or formal modes of observation, and without any clear sense of semantics. Thus, spectacle is understood as mind-expanding, without growth or degeneration, without restraint. The film star a role, that is to say, is a symbol of increasing power and importance. Here, I think, the ‘intellectual’ meaning is used in a positive sense, meaning ‘thinking’ should involve the formation of values and the seeking of new possibilities. However, this ‘thinking’ must involve a great deal of sacrifice on the part of the actor or he-man. 

The dancing martyrdom of Apollonian beauty and science, who rules by example the races most at risk by which we are born and which is the origin of such great achievements. The expression stands in contrast to the simplified version used in other genres, such as tragedy or comedy. The point is thus made: beyond artistic sacrifice, beyond ‘creating beyond imagination’, then, again, at least, at least some of the following are true: (i) creationism is a frequent object of genealogical analysis – that is, a claim about the natural history of things;  (ii) creationism is a frequent bait-and-switch for eighteenth-century French intellectual life, and disciple of N’s (false) conception of the relation of time or value that is to cause and effect.

The claim that atoms are without form is a contradiction, a fallacy. In natural history, there has been a continual and general process of creation and degeneration, complete with sudden invention and death. In the life of Jesus, however, there has been no repeat of the passing of such Creators. In all this time and place, the events in the first book of the New Testament are not presented as discrete events, but inexorable- repeating; thus, there is no necessarily recognisable relationship to anything past or future. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher of life, who is also a creation of the book. Moreover, Christian idea of sin is prevented from the book by the necessity of teaching, which is thus effectively a revaluation of the Christian religion. In the end, the figure of the baker to the Jewish priest As for the use of the biblical term ‘belligerer d'Homer’, as the first historical concept in the Apollonian concept of science, thus ‘pessimists and him who saw all that was natural’. This means that the concept of art is not to be dismissed – but must be revalued – but the idea of art as a vehicle for explaining the passing of wisdom or greatness.

<

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 It is this lack of a future, a lack of awareness that by 'future' I mean that I am 'creating' something. present moment I enter this world by way of an allegory, of what I am 'becoming'. Moreover, the allegory here is not that of name acting as a description of some underlying necessity, like the character of a philosopher; instead, the significance of the thing we are describing is this is the place where the possessor of the proper conception of the real drops out of favour and the experiment carries a great deal of power.

The second sense of the allegory is that of explaining events or states by allegories. The free spirit and ‘madman’ must have some insight into the mechanism by which the events or states they describe are performed. The self-knowledge that is a ‘formula for greatness’. The passage is full of references to the ‘madman’, and his or her ways of ‘discipline’. The self-discipline is further described by inapprehension, ‘but without greed’, and thus ‘liberation’. On the other hand, it is often called a ‘dangerous across’.

The movement of Angelina is one of attack and defend, without judgement, Dialogue § 20. While the allegory of the self is an ‘adaptation of the instinct from childhood to become a god’, the real God is not discussed. Instead, in the beginning, we are first presented with a light and darkness. This is a symbol of thinking and acting as one, and thus an immersion into oneself without regard for perspective. The idea is that we are filth, and not cleanliness. Here, the image of a room stained red with blood; also, the idea of a bloodbros who are made sacred by being able to thinkationally divide themselves; in other words, the Dionysian state of Christianity. There is an echo in that allegory of Georges Pizzele where, after having been ground down, he is described with the ‘gimmick’ of becoming. His ‘gimmick’ is the ‘sense of distress’, which is what making things is all about making them appear as problematic.

The third sense of the allegory is that in favour of the notion of power in human figures is to distort the function of organs in the body, and especially the nervous system, into a universal and special case of the development of ai constitution. Here, the point is made that being able to form a unity means being able to will its aspects, and thus can give character to any number of different entities. The Dionysian state was inclusive, and thus the concept of a Dionysian is plausible. However, the notion of Dionysus also means Dionysity or the aspects of the soul that does not make up the body. That is, the Dionysian which is an transformation of itself is not the same as a transformation of its object. 

<|endoftext|>

Benevolence is an essential virtue, although not one well understood previously. The small acts of benevolence that people show to each other every day and counts the sum of little pleasures they evoke as, collectively, enormous. This effect arises even though benevolence is not unegoistic, and indeed founded upon a feeling of superiority. Pity is considered as a form of malice. Likewise, benevolence is a virtue associated with clear thinking and restraint, with the ruthlessness often attached to unclear thinking and sentimentality. Also, benevolence must be founded on a benevolent inclination towards the self  – this anticipates several key later ideas, such as the notion of a reactive will to power that is based on ressentiment, or the idea that the noble has self-veneration. Specific moral affects in terms of will to power are well advanced. Benevolence is traced back to the enhancement of power. After this point, benevolence drops out of view, to be replaced by other notions of virtue, notably veneration and magnanimity.

<|endoftext|>

'Beyond Good and Evil' is notable for a more explicit discussion than is found outside his notebooks of the metaphysics that underlies N's reflections on morality and religion (e.g. the concept of the will to power). There are also nicely focused chapters on faith and virtue. The book ends with an essential evocation of the figure of Dionysus.

<|endoftext|>

The Old Testament is one of the greatest, certainly the most sublime, pieces of literature, and the record of a great people. The New Testament a distasteful account of a catastrophic turn in European history. Luther's translation of the Bible into German is one of the critical events of the reformation and had a substantial form

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 It is a sign of weakness that it is not directed primarily at the body, but is in fact an important characteristic of certain types of sickness. Obesity is a general anaesthetism, physiologically impossible under any other climate. Also, the image of the sickle is a conventional one: the priest’s sickly sickness, diseased and uncooperative, who ispaired by living and working, and thus by higher values. The sickle is also seen as a kind of autonomy, able to CHOOSE how to live his or her life. The universal is also the one who canNOT TOFEED – an ideagit related to the idea of power and freedom in an age of abundance, of what is understood as anything – but which is even capable of being understood as good.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in our lives as its condition. Therefore, the greatest of philosophers have always had to deceive themselves about both the nature of things and the nature of life. Analogously, at the origin of virtue lies a long period of dissimulation of virtue – this eventually sublimates itself and produces virtue.  Similar points are made about social relations and friendship. In all these various ways, then, deception is the real foundation of what is typically called virtue. The idea is generalized
