======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 concepts of health and growth, mode of life, etc. These conditions must eventually have an impact upon a thought, and upon the ability of thought to be critical or creative with respect to values. This list very much includes the everyday things around us: for example, our daily habits, our diet, and where (e.g. climate, city, town, or country) and in what we live. 

<|endoftext|>

The cloud has no symbolic meaning. If the Dionysian has reappeared in modernity, then the Greek sense of the Apollonian must also have appeared. There the theatrical practice of disguising behind a ‘cloud’ the ropes and pulleys of stage apparatus alludes that things (e.g. a character being a god) are made to appear. This is known as the due’s ex Machina. However, this cloud is also an allusion to the Apollonian ‘cocooned itself away’; this cloud is also a cocoon. In addition, the cloud is that which obscures, or which is neither one thing nor another. The cloud is also, of course, the source of lightning either because it is elevated or because it is interpreted as fearful.

<|endoftext|>

To comfort is to ease suffering, whether physical or spiritual. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of phil

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 concepts. One reason for this is that noble morality is concerned with the value of human beings, a 'triumphant yes-saying to oneself', and not with the features of actions (neither their conformity to laws nor their utility).

The life of action and the life of contemplation are distinct. Thus, 'action' is important, of the deed; knowledge has meaning only if fulfilled in effect. Indeed, the very notion of a 'doer' distinct from any deed is nonsense related to ideas of substance; a 'quantum of power' is not distinct from the will and effect. It also follows that there is both an error and something ignoble in 'disowning' one's actions by feeling the pang of a guilty conscience. Actions are necessary expressions of identity; to feel guilt (the criminal who has become 'pale') is to apply external criteria based upon consequences, and to falsely imagine that one's identity is not what it is; a further aspect to this concept is the cultivation of the capacity to be responsible. Action has no necessary relation to our knowledge or beliefs. Active people do not act out of self-knowledge but act so as thereby to form a self. Only the doer learns. Both active and contemplative forms of life are necessary, in alternation within a single life. The comprehensive 'new philosopher', then, would be neither merely the person of action nor the contemplative person. The contemplative life in its best sense should not be understood as an escape, but as a choice made from understanding, as the proper mode of one's contribution to the growth of cultures. Indeed, such contemplation can be creative in a way that action cannot.

This creativity is to be distinguished from another: the resentment of the slave revolt is prevented from the straight-forward activity and thus becomes creative at the level of values; this is 'imaginary revenge'. This repressed or sublimated 'activity' is always only 'reaction', always beginning as the rejection of some external value. a 'yes-saying' or affirmative mode of life means a creative, positive action.

<|endoftext|>

In the evolution of the form of Greek tragedy the addition of actors to the original chorus is a symptom of an increasing lack of faith in, or misunderstanding, of the nature of tragedy; it is a move towards realism. Instead of allowing mythic figures to appear, the actor pretends to be them. Thus, much more generally 'actor' can be used as a term of abuse. The actor is a fake, one whose power and need to stand for something, not even having an identity in him or herself, and needed for others to need to watch them. The talent for acting is bred in certain classes or peoples by a requirement of constant adaptation. The actor may be the right conceptual model also for the 'artist'. Those who are called 'great' are often actors because they are incapable of willing greatness. 'Actors of the spirit' makes others believe he or she can envision great things and carrying out great action and demands an over-dramatic setting. The actor may look to transform what is around in his or her own (false) image. 

<|endoftext|>

Actuality often links with 'reality,' which refers to the reality of events or their results -such phenomenal reality;  and is also about the reality of things, objects, or materials - the real, underlying world. Actuality also is phenomenally real is that which acts or has effects in space and time. 

The chorus protects the space of tragedy against the intrusions of every day, present reality. Here, the actual forms the innumerable, profoundly petty, and short-sighted concerns of 'today.' Tragic experience and genuine culture require turning away from this actuality. This is another expression of the theme of untimeliness. The concept of actuality as the concerns of the present presents that it 'infertile' and 'without prophetic dreams' – that is without the ability to create, long for and pursue ideals. What is rational is actual, and what is actual is rational. The actual is that which, through a process of becoming, has reached to its full essence.

Untimeliness may involve a turning away from the actual in the above sense of 'to dryness', but certainly not in a more general sense. For, a particular hatred of or fleeing from reality characterises early Christian (and not only Christian) thought. This hatred, in turn, branched out into the elevation of Jesus to divinity as an act of resentment against those who crucified him, the notions of guilt before God, and judgement and so forth. Other examples of hatred of reality include despising the body and all that is associated with the organisation (e.g. sexuality), plus the corresponding elevation in value of the fiction that is 'soul'. Likewise, modern science involves a flight from the actual,

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 concepts of health, degeneration, and ultimatelyation. A related idea is a danger that the philosopher will meet in his or her attempt to overcome values. The death of the tight-rope walker, who made danger his ‘vocation’, is an example. Finally, metaphysics will often involve a conceptual rejection of becoming or a positing of facts and values as eternal. This is often described with metaphors of death: for example, the ‘mummified concepts.

The ‘death of God’ is the second notion. Belief in God – and the values that go with such belief – is no longer possible or relevant within modernity. This is both a liberation but also a crushing blow (for it means that the burden of creating and justifying values falls upon the human). Here, ‘death’ means old, weak, irrelevant, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd
