======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 The 'abyss of being' or 'abyss of things' to describe the lack of anything fixed and thing-like in the Dionysian conception of the real, which is thought of as underlying the realm of apparent things. 'Grund' in German also means 'ground' in the sense of 'reason' (as in 'what are your grounds for claiming that?'); therefore 'Abgrund' means a lack of justification, legitimacy, or sense. 'Abyss of reason'. 'Abyss' often links with the Sphinx, who killed herself by throwing herself from a high place after Oedipus successfully answered the riddle.  The idea are themselves abysses that they cause one to leave any solid intellectual or moral footing behind and thus represent danger. The idea of eternal recurrence is an 'abyss-deep thought', posing a threat of self-destruction; likewise, the thought of the death of God is such an abyss, or the temptation to pity and thus to the abandonment of one's ideals. When one investigates the void, the abyss looks back. Does one view the void with pride, are the abyss and one's summit as one? That is, can one see the recognition of the abyss and its affirmation as an achievement?

<|endoftext|>

An action considered on its own is Handlung; being active is tätig, as in 'the active person'. Whether my will or my actions are free; can they ever be egoistic; and what does it mean to subject them to universal rules. Action is only possible under the illusion of freedom, or through a deliberate ignorance, because knowledge kills action. All our actions live on through an endless chain of consequences and are thus eternalised.  'Action' develops the notion of the will to power, the concept of action is included under it: for example, neither the fact nor expectation of happiness (at least in an ordinary sense of this term) is at the ground of action; instead, the ground is an expression of and a feeling of power.  One reason for this is that noble morality is concerned with the value of human beings, a 'triumphant yes-saying to oneself', and not with the features of actions (neither their conformity to laws nor their utility).

The life of action and the life of contemplation are distinct. Thus, 'action' is important, of the deed; knowledge has meaning only if fulfilled in effect. Indeed, the very notion of a 'doer' distinct from any deed is nonsense related to ideas of substance; a 'quantum of power' is not distinct from the will and effect. It also follows that there is both an error and something ignoble in 'disowning' one's actions by feeling the pang of a guilty conscience. Actions are necessary expressions of identity; to feel guilt (the criminal who has become 'pale') is to apply external criteria based upon consequences, and to falsely imagine that one's identity is not what it is; a further aspect to this concept is the cultivation of the capacity to be responsible. Action has no necessary relation to our knowledge or beliefs. Active people do not act out of self-knowledge but act so as thereby to form a self. Only the doer learns. Both active and contemplative forms of life are necessary, in alternation within a single life. The comprehensive 'new philosopher', then, would be neither merely the person of action nor the contemplative person. The contemplative life in its best sense should not be understood as an escape, but as a choice made from understanding, as the proper mode of one's contribution to the growth of cultures. Indeed, such contemplation can be creative in a way that action cannot.

This creativity is to be distinguished from another: the resentment of the slave revolt is prevented from the straight-forward activity and thus becomes creative at the level of values; this is 'imaginary revenge'. This repressed or sublimated 'activity' is always only 'reaction', always beginning as the rejection of some external value. a 'yes-saying' or affirmative mode of life means a creative, positive action.

<|endoftext|>

In the evolution of the form of Greek tragedy the addition of actors to the original chorus is a symptom of an increasing lack of faith in, or misunderstanding, of the nature of tragedy; it is a move towards realism. Instead of allowing mythic figures to appear, the actor pretends to be them. Thus, much more generally 'actor' can be used as a term of abuse. The actor is a fake, one whose power and need to stand for something, not even having an identity in him or herself, and needed for others to need to watch them. The talent for acting is bred in certain classes or peoples by a requirement of constant adaptation. The actor may be the right conceptual model also for the 'artist'. Those who are called 'great' are often actors because

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 The ability simultaneously and joyfully to affirm all the aspects of Dionysian reality is what is at stake in an eternal recurrence. Therefore, the coexistence of both the creativeness and destructiveness are necessary. Regardless, we should think of Dionysus as an ideal, or personification, of the longing humanity should feel for its growth and overcoming, as well as the longing of life for the health of its highest products. Therefore, Ariadne is the figurehead (and mother) of the humanity that so longs; and, the character of Zarathustra is effectively a portrait of this Dionysian ideal. 

<|endoftext|>

The allusion to the disciples of Jesus is unavoidable, and Zarathustra considers the appropriate strategy would be to acquire ‘disciples. Indeed, the best kind of disciple is one who can remain ‘faithful’ to him or herself and even attack an idea to make it stronger. Therefore, calling oneself a ‘disciple’ of Dionysus, this is a way of thinking about one’s relationship to an ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Certain kinds of growth or creativity only take place under strict rules or harsh conditions. Where creativity is an overcoming, creativity needs opposition (agon). If external resistance is not to be found – a rival or enemy, a precarious situation – one must impose such resistances upon oneself, likewise, in modern music after Wagner. A related notion is that of the discipline involved in the method, such as the ‘discipline of spirit’; likewise, the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’ of history.

The word discipline is the same as that which is translated ‘breeding’ – and indeed, the concepts are related since, in both, there is a deliberate choice and harsh pruning. Likewise, the idea of education is often discussed in this connection.  At the same time, discipline without the accompaniment of nobility or good taste can be a disaster. Accordingly, discipline as the turning of one’s cruel instincts onto oneself is a crucial aspect of the description of the origin of ‘bad conscience’. 

<|endoftext|>

'Distance' appoints the separation or independence of things. Zarathustra is still 'distant' from the people in the marketplace, for they do not understand him; again, if he has pity, then it is 'from a distance' so as not to humiliate the pitied. An associated idea is that distance characterizes a longing for ideas that lie beyond the currently existing forms of the human (e.g. 'Too long have I. Investigated the distance'). In a manner akin to Buddhism, Jesus refuses to place happiness or the ideal at a distance – that is in a transcendent deity or an unfulfillable promise. 

The most famous usage of the metaphor of distance is in the expression 'pathos of distance.' Indeed, a distinction is implied between 'distant' and the more general Ferne, employing the former when he wants to draw attention primarily to 'rank'. The relevant sense of distance is that of insisting upon real distinctions among individuals or groups (mainly between types or classes), and the value of these for the health and growth of human life (it is thus related to height or 'separation'). Even among his or her peers, even in acts of obedience, the noble person stays independent, not forming part of a 'herd'.  This distance is not just a state, but a 'pathos' – that is, a kind of effect. The effect is a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Pathos falls under this category but is not something that could be called incidental or fleeting; by 'pathos.' An effect is meant that is a defining characteristic of a way of life. The pathos of distance, therefore, stands for a defining characteristic of the noble, part and parcel of his or her self-respect and sense of right. Likewise, some things should be apprehended only from a distance, because then their image can inspire. However, such a pathos against, primarily, Christianity, which abolishes distances (except for the absurd distance of transcendence), making everyone equal, cutting any possibility of reverence among humans. Besides, the pathos of distance
