======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 having only a few exceptional cases of the ascetic ideal struggling against his or herself. The feeling can seem to be a value-neutral report of a factual state. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.



======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 having the strength to act but keeping power by having the courage to act. Act one is the waking life waking life, and the other is the dream waking life. The waking life is the realm in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance, even dream appearance, is again not contrasted to some straight-forward relationship to that which is true. Instead, 'appearance is the acting and living itself' – adjectives without an 'x' that they are adjectives of. 'Dream' thus becomes an essential element within the analysis of the 'true world' (MicrobeWorld). Such the world offers a chance to Zarathustra to do the impossible standing 'beyond' the world and 'weigh' it. Zarathustra wants to learn from and imitate his dream in his waking life. The dream, that is, can teach waking life how to allow healthy, life-affirming values to develop new ways of life. Likewise, a dream is again the moment of perfection and stillness that Zarathustra experiences after his frantic search for the origin of the 'cry of distress'. Here, the dream serves as a first reminder to Zarathustra that his pity may be leading him astray, and thus that his waking life has lost something. Sometimes, 'dream' or 'wakefulness' are used to quip a conventional sense of that modern Europe has overcome the 'nightmare' of Platonic thought and it can now sleep easy.

<|endoftext|>

Dühring is a German realist or materialist philosopher, who represents an attempt to revalue morally rejected effects, and he usually uses the term ressentiment to analyse the concept of justice. 

<|endoftext|>

In Kant, duty names a moral responsibility that is unconditional (i.e. without exceptions). The universal and absolute character of Kantian morality and its express independence from any other motives should be rejected. Through re-analysing the development of the concept of duty, the notion of duty is in a revalued manner, which might arise from the ideal of the philosophical mode of life that found in Schopenhauer. Likewise, the paradox of the thinker's duty to truth is worth to explore. The notion of duty is also used as part of the account of the 'free spirit' – and the very next section is about 'honesty'. This revaluation of duty results in the notion of a future duty as one way of characterising individual behaviours and the social structure as a whole, but one that is different for different levels of that structure, and which is founded upon the need for human life to grow and develop.

<|endoftext|>

In Northern European mythology and folklore, dwarves make a typical appearance as small supernatural creatures. Although the tales vary, dwarves tend to be characterized by their dwelling place (underground or in the mountains, and thus probably an association with death), occupation (industry and especially smiting), disposition (lust, greed, deviousness). Dwarves play a vital role in Wagner's Ring cycle. The symbol of 'dwarf' also involves the Greek god Hephaestus,  who shares many similar characteristics and is also lame.

There are two ways to use the image of a dwarf. First, more generally, as meaning a type of human who is ill, degenerate, or weak – or who is in some other form of little cultural significance. Second, more specifically, the 'spirit of gravity' is a 'dwarf'. This is both because the spirit of gravity is Zarathustra's internalization of the 'serious' values of the people (i.e. the dwarves in the first sense), and also in allusion to Wagner's narrative of the dwarf Alberici's curses – first of love and then of the possessor of the magic ring – that eventually brings about the downfall of heroes and gods alike.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of 'earth' has the same meaning as the stress of 'this world'. Thus, earth means the whole of the real, including human beings, stripped of any metaphysical additions and values. Earth is opposed to that which is supposed to be transcendent to earth, superior to or 'above' earth. In comparison to these, the earth is traditionally slandered as something lowly, dirty, illusory, dark, and fallen. 'Earth', with its more direct connections to mythology, connotes these values

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 having to posit one’s beliefs and values as eternal. This is often described with metaphors of death: for example, the ‘mummified concepts.

The ‘death of God’ is the second notion. Belief in God – and the values that go with such belief – is no longer possible or relevant within modernity. This is both a liberation but also a crushing blow (for it means that the burden of creating and justifying values falls upon the human). Here, ‘death’ means old, weak, irrelevant, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social
