======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
, the philosopher-hermit does not ever have ‘ultimate and real opinions’, that for every cave there is ‘another, deeper cave’.

<|endoftext|>

Cialdini’s sound figure by Ernst Chaldini is a scientific demonstration of using the patterns formed by sand on a vibrating plate to visualize resonance. This is as representing a translation from vibration to image, but metaphorically an interpretation that is in no way obvious. and thus, does not allow us quickly to reverse the conversion back to the vibration.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of chance is not, as one might have expected, primarily in the context of a discussion of physics or metaphysics. In these contexts, the much more common problem is the relationship between law, calculability, and necessity. The concept of chance reveals a vital ambiguity. On the one hand, history broadly and the life of an individual are subject to chance, meaning that there is no visible or comprehensible necessity and no repetition of events. Moreover, existence is characterized by chance in a grander sense: without overall or original purpose or meaning. Thus, even necessity has a chance-like character to it, since that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to interfere. The human must be liberated from chance as from priests; that is, freed from either a pessimistic assessment of human possibilities, from the endless diversion of the random and incidental, or from the rule of chance in human evolution.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heracl

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
, in both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples, too; similarly, while talks about art without artists, by which means certain kinds of institutions (the idea is similar to how culture drives work through individuals).

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to humans in the flatlands; psychology must descend to depths not in the sense of being profound or fundamental, but in the spirit of investigating the most repellent cases and problems; and thinking pessimism to its depths might lead to the opposite, highest ideal. This is part of the concept of cycles. Also, ascent and height are relative in that one can look down, have things beneath one: height is a comprehensive view that is not abstract, and pride that is honest and not condescending. Again, though, every ascent must also lead to a going-under, lest height is a form of fleeing.

<|endoftext|>

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still is surreptitiously pervasive and influential in modernity. Key to asceticism is the setting up of a moral ideal that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various analyses of the austere ideal supply evidence for these. The Treatise then forms a series of studies of the meaning of the ascetic ideal in artists, philosophers, the weak and ill and in priests. The discussion of the philosopher is significant, for here the ascetic ideal shows its often-overlooked positive aspect, as the search for the conditions of spiritual growth and elevation, like the abstinence and careful mode of life of an athlete in training. Asceticism is a way of diverting the course of one’s life onto the right path, the path that leads to another world or after-life. This means, though, that asceticism is a mode of living that seeks to cancel out experience – but that is a contradiction, and (at least at the physiological level) must be only an appearance. That is, the ascetic ideal must be somehow a way of a degenerated life-preserving itself at all costs. The priest is a kind of ‘doctor’ to the sick, serving to change the direction of
