======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 investigate the effects of calm or cheerfulness. Apollonian implicitly carries with it a metaphysical view concerning reality, that is, the belief that individual entities are ontologically original. Importantly, though, the Apollonian is also characterised by an awareness that these valued forms are an illusion to a Dionysian view of existence (a dream in which we are aware we are dreaming). Thus, the Apollonian should not be understood as a kind of self-deception or turning away from the real (that would be more akin to the Socratic). In his later work, the Apollonian is no longer thought of as a competing, brother drive to the Dionysian, but as a moment (of calm, stillness, beauty, image, etc.) within the latter. This is implicitly acknowledged that the ‘complete and authentic antagonism’ is between Homer and Plato: the former the deifier of life, the latter its ‘slanderer’.

<|endoftext|>

The fundamental characteristic of things as they appear to us, including ourselves and bodies, is their givenness as individual form. This is Schopenhauer’s principium individuationis and the veil of Maya. Schopenhauer, in turn, was trying to interpret Kant’s distinction between appearances and things-in-themselves and incorporate ideas from Eastern thought. ‘Behind’ appearances are the will, continually striving and becoming, without form. Here, an important distinction arises between two senses of appearance: appearance as a symbolic image in genuine art, versus appearance as mere copy, and thus as possibly deceptive. Socratic thought is the forgetting of the first possibility of occurrence,  and therefore also as the advent of a modern faith in science. This theme continues throughout his career and involves analyses of how that which merely appears is denigrated for some ‘beyond’ or ‘behind’.

Human feeling is from the ground up, a simplification of the world so that it appears as intelligible, predictable, available for human beings to use. The ultimate motive behind this is utility: without such interpretations, human beings could not survive. Moreover, different peoples interpret things according to their specific situation (e.g. climate, resources, their enemies). Thus, differences in understanding the world arise, in terms of what is valued (and what is approved or disapproved of morally).

Later, the notion of value becomes fundamental. If one rigorously rejects the hypothesis of a world, God or life that is somehow not here but ‘beyond’, then ultimately one also must rigorously refuse the notion of appearance itself. Appearance only makes sense to something ‘behind’ or ‘beyond’ it. The idea of appearance becomes transformed into the notion of perspective or interpretation. A world understood as will to power is neither something in-itself nor is its appearance but is perspectival and evaluating. The building blocks of nature and very much, including the human, are perspectives or values – in other words, relations of will to power.  

<|endoftext|>

In Greek mythology, Ariadne was the Cretan princess who aids the Athenian Theseus in defeating the Minotaur in the labyrinth. Ariadne was the subtlety to Theseus’ destructive power. According to some versions of the story, Theseus promises to marry her but then abandons her on Naxos. There, the God Dionysus becomes her lover. Theseus abandoning Ariadne is humanity leaving its possibilities of growth and health, in favour of the turn towards European modernity; and an abandonment of the mythic feminine in favour of a misunderstood masculine. Ariadne thus stands as a representative of the specific greatness of Greek humanity, desirous of the Dionysian. The poem, ‘Ariadne’s Lament’, portrays this desire for the Dionysian. We moderns may have more scientific knowledge, but it has not made us more exceptional beings, quite the contrary – our subtle understanding. Thus, only in giving up a narrow conception of the utility of knowledge, of progress as preservation and the alleviation of suffering, and other such ‘heroic’ modern achievements, will growth and beauty of the human be possible again. 

<|endoftext|>

Aristotle accounts the relation of tragedy to the chorus in ‘Greek Music Drama’; likewise, with the grand idea of the catharsis of pity and fear. Aristotle is a product of the decay of Greek culture: thus, despite his careful consideration of earlier philosophers, he has no real understanding of their greatness; likewise, Aristotle as both ‘powerful and harmless’ is exemplary of the man of science. Other themes in Aristotle include the account of time in terms of number and the notion of energeia.

<|endoftext

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 investigate.

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 investigate. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples, too; similarly, while talks about art without artists, by which means certain kinds of institutions (the idea is similar to how culture drives work through individuals).

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to humans in the flatlands; psychology must descend to depths not in the sense of being profound or fundamental, but in the spirit of investigating the most repellent cases and problems; and thinking pessimism to its depths might lead to the opposite, highest ideal. This is part of the concept of cycles. Also, ascent and height are relative in that one can look down, have things beneath one: height is a comprehensive view that is not abstract, and pride that is honest and not condescending. Again, though, every ascent must also lead to a going-under, lest height is a form of fleeing.

<|endoftext|>

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still is surreptitiously pervasive and influential in modernity. Key to asceticism is the setting up of a moral ideal that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various analyses of the austere ideal supply evidence for these. The Treatise then forms a series of studies of the meaning of the ascetic ideal in artists, philosophers, the weak and ill and in priests. The discussion of the philosopher is significant, for here the ascetic ideal shows its often-overlooked positive aspect, as the search for the conditions of spiritual growth and elevation, like the abstinence and careful mode of life of an athlete in training. Asceticism is a way of diverting the course of one’s life onto the right path, the path that leads to another world or after-life. This means, though, that asceticism is a mode of living that seeks to cancel out experience – but that is a contradiction, and (at least at the physiological level) must be only an appearance. That
