======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘formula for greatness’. My love or gratitude comes from the fact that this fate produces me and does so as being capable of affirming myself and capable of having a creative role in the future.

The idea is closely allied to that of affirmation more generally:  to say yes to this situation is the only way of saying yes to oneself, and vice versa. It is related to the affirmation of eternal recurrence. Only an individual who embodied a healthy and ascending life; was spiritually attuned to such life (e.g. not deceived about themselves); also, could ‘redeem’ the past and present as if it were a product of their will, could genuinely love one’s fate. As such, accident, or chance (in any ordinary sense) is not relevant. Likewise, necessity is no cause for distress, for nothing can befall the lover of fate that is not also a product of the creative will.

<|endoftext|>

Several thinkers argued that any hierarchical framework of political, economic, legal, or social power must be harmful to human beings. Also, revolutionary figures and groups in the nineteenth century and beyond believed that political institutions could not be reformed but had to be dismantled. Although Rousseau was not an anarchist, some aspects of his thinking were essential for later anarchist thought. 

Although anarchism appears to be intellectually opposed to other modern ideas such as democracy, equality or even socialism, is in fact of a piece with them. Anarchism is founded on reaction and ressentiment, remains moralistic, expresses a fundamental belief in the value of pity, or instead a fundamental inability not

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 is one of only a few who are as honest and as pure a mind to be ahead of its time, to understand its value and make its methodical application. The actual is not as pure a mixture of two or more concepts. The substance of a thing – it is a denigration of the body and a negation of the mythsic. More importantly, these two senses are closely related: on a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, the body posits a danger of the body becoming self-loathing. On a symbolic meaning. The lover of beauty is only a superficial anthropologist, and his discovery of human beauty is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. The discovery of a ‘future lover’ is a symbol of growing and defining features of the human, for example, the height of height or the height of beauty. This notion of beauty is related to the idea of height or pride. Such discussions of height or pride are not relevant here.  Instead, the discussion of height is about ‘purity’, an old-fashioned way of thinking about sexuality. Purity is a sign of not having the strength to act but having the power to say no. That is, purity now refers to a specific state of being, one that isillustrates itself and produces beauty. This is both a liberation from pessimistic assessment – for example, those who are contemplating marriage should consider themselves pregnant or even having a pre-given identity. Likewise, it is aifying and reassuring cultural immersion in the Dionysian.

<|endoftext|>

There are three critical aspects to the conception about death. The first and most apparent revolves around those values or beliefs that involve a denigration or even rejection of life – either this life (as opposed to the ‘afterlife’) or aspects associated with the living body (sex, passion, pleasure, etc.). A key passage in this regard would be Zarathustra on the ‘preachers of death’. The rejection of life on the part of the ascetic priest is only clear; such asceticism is a means to carry on living despite suffering and degeneration. A related idea is a danger that the philosopher will meet in his or her attempt to overcome values. The death of the tight-rope walker, who made danger his ‘vocation’, is an example. Finally, metaphysics will often involve a conceptual rejection of becoming or a positing of facts and values as eternal. This is often described with metaphors of death: for example, the ‘mummified concepts.

The ‘death of God’ is the second notion. Belief in God – and the values that go with such belief – is no longer possible or relevant within modernity. This is both a liberation but also a crushing blow (for it means that the burden of creating and justifying values falls upon the human). Here, ‘death’ means old, weak, irrelevant, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 is 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to, or hostile to, life. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ would belong to the ‘great health’.

<|endoftext|>

A traditional definition of consciousness is that part or function of us that not only thinks, feels, and acts but is aware of itself doing so and can reflect upon it. Because of that awareness, consciousness also implies the ability to will its thinking, acting and even to some extent, its feeling. Accordingly, consciousness is our critique of will and our evaluation of the human subject as a causal agent so that the emphasis placed on consciousness within modern thought (Descartes, Kant, and German Idealism) is an enormous error. Leibniz usually gets cited as an exception, since the latter posited unconscious Petite's feelings as an essential factor in human identity and motivation. Therefore, the human being is an ensemble of drives in competition with each other (i.e. will to power). These drives, their competition and any later effects are mostly unconscious (in the sense that they never enter consciousness). Or, if some do become conscious, they are transformed (by pre-existing values or perspectives) and thus what we are aware of is by no means an unmediated or even reliable source of data about ourselves ('the phenomenality of the inner world' ). For this reason, here, the psychological perspective is concerned with the observation of others, and not introspection so that consciousness is collective and not individual: only what is 'common' becomes.

On the other hand, some aspects look like a traditional view of consciousness as the becoming aware and taking charge of something. So, there is about no longer leaving culture and human development to chance, but consciously willing it - 'in us, this will to truth has come to a consciousness of itself as a problem'. Likewise,  what would be "beautiful" if contradiction had not first come to a consciousness of itself if the ugly had not first said to itself "I am ugly"?  Here, consciousness is not a goal in and of itself, but a
