======== SAMPLE 1 ========
The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in our lives as its condition. Therefore, the greatest of philosophers have always had to deceive themselves about both the nature of things and the nature of life. Analogously, at the origin of virtue lies a long period of dissimulation of virtue – this eventually sublimates itself and produces virtue.  Similar points are made about social relations and friendship. In all these various ways, then, deception is the real foundation of what is typically called virtue. The idea is generalized

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
The book falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value in a world characterised by becoming, and thus by the critique of values mentioned above. A life that could be willed eternally would be the only possible remaining criterion of value – it would approximate being – and yet such an experience would also have to be understood as healthy and ascending. This is the ‘opposite ideal’ to the pessimistic or indeed nihilistic state.

<|endoftext|>

The phrase ‘to become who or what one is’ is an adaptation of a line from Pindar’s Second Pythian Ode. The individual is a ‘piece of fate’ meaning it cannot be fundamentally recast in the image of some external (i.e. moral) value. To do so would be a double betrayal of oneself, a deviation or distortion of the life one is, resulting in all kinds of physical or spiritual degeneration. Nor is it a question of choosing to shape oneself in any way – for the individual does not have that freedom of will. In some sense, then, the individual already is what it is, or at least is already pregnant with itself. Becoming oneself is a needing to get out of one’s way, not

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
The life of action and the life of contemplation are distinct. Thus, 'action' is important, of the deed; knowledge has meaning only if fulfilled in effect. Indeed, the very notion of a 'doer' distinct from any deed is nonsense related to ideas of substance; a 'quantum of power' is not distinct from the will and effect. It also follows that there is both an error and something ignoble in 'disowning' one's actions by feeling the pang of a guilty conscience. Actions are necessary expressions of identity; to feel guilt (the criminal who has become 'pale') is to apply external criteria based upon consequences, and to falsely imagine that one's identity is not what it is; a further aspect to this concept is the cultivation of the capacity to be responsible. Action has no necessary relation to our knowledge or beliefs. Active people do not act out of self-knowledge but act so as thereby to form a self. Only the doer learns. Both active and contemplative forms of life are necessary, in alternation within a single life. The comprehensive 'new philosopher', then, would be neither merely the person of action nor the contemplative person. The contemplative life in its best sense should not be understood as an escape, but as a choice made from understanding, as the proper mode of one's contribution to the growth of cultures. Indeed, such contemplation can be creative in a way that action cannot.

This creativity is to be distinguished from another: the resentment of the slave revolt is prevented from the straight-forward activity and thus becomes creative at the level of values; this is 'imaginary revenge'. This repressed or sublimated 'activity' is always only 'reaction', always beginning as the rejection of some external value. a 'yes-saying' or affirmative mode of life means a creative, positive action.

<|endoftext|>

In the evolution of the form of Greek tragedy the addition of actors to the original chorus is a symptom of an increasing lack of faith in, or misunderstanding, of the nature of tragedy; it is a move towards realism. Instead of allowing mythic figures to appear, the actor pretends to be them. Thus, much more generally 'actor' can be used as a term of abuse. The actor is a fake, one whose power and need to stand for something, not even having an identity in him or herself, and needed for others to need to watch them. The talent for acting is bred in certain classes or peoples by a requirement of constant adaptation. The actor may be the right conceptual model also for the 'artist'. Those who are called 'great' are often actors because they are incapable of willing greatness. 'Actors of the spirit' makes others believe he or she can envision great things and carrying out great action and demands an over-dramatic setting. The actor may look to transform what is around in his or her own (false) image. 

<|endoftext|>

Actuality often links with 'reality,' which refers to the reality of events or their results -such phenomenal reality;  and is also about the reality of things, objects, or materials - the real, underlying world. Actuality also is phenomenally real is that which acts or has effects in space and time. 

The chorus protects the space of tragedy against the intrusions of every day, present reality. Here, the actual forms the innumerable, profoundly petty, and short-sighted concerns of 'today.' Tragic experience and genuine culture require turning away from this actuality. This is another expression of the theme of untimeliness. The concept of actuality as the concerns of the present presents that it 'infertile' and 'without prophetic dreams' – that is without the ability to create, long for and pursue ideals. What is rational is actual, and what is actual is rational. The actual is that which, through a process of becoming, has reached to its full essence.

Untimeliness may involve a turning away from the actual in the above sense of 'to dryness', but certainly not in a more general sense. For, a particular hatred of or fleeing from reality characterises early Christian (and not only Christian) thought. This hatred, in turn, branched out into the elevation of Jesus to divinity as an act of resentment against those who crucified him, the notions of guilt before God, and judgement and so forth. Other examples of hatred of reality include despising the body and all that is associated with the organisation (e.g. sexuality), plus the corresponding elevation in value of the fiction that is 'soul'. Likewise, modern science involves a flight from the actual, for it relies upon ideal fictions such as the atom (or some other version of substance), number, pure observation, and law. Reality thus requires redemption. What is this 'redeemed' reality? Not some renewed naïve metaphysical faith in exterior substance
