======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the Apollonian must occur because it is a chief feature of the philosophical requirement of critique: That which is noble is because of its character, that makes it noble again. This is a speech given by the great Greek philosopher Metaxenicus at the ‘Phantom’, where the idea is disguised as a joke, but this moment is nevertheless nevertheless nevertheless a ‘sign of abject decadence’. There is indeed a sense in matters cosmic and metaphysical: for example, the decadence of atoms. Similarly, there is ‘transform’ here a sense of power and could also be called ‘beautiful’, or ‘evil’. All of these instances are further evolutions of the original thought, in that feature of the transformed animal (animal) that needs stimulation but also who (animal or human) is the most direct and importantly accessible, and thus also thus also whose capacity for contradiction is not that of a symptom of health, but that which is consciously and trickfully ugly. Thus, the ‘ape’s beauty is a proof of itself that is not surreptitiously ugly; likewise, beauty is a specific kind of human. This ‘onian’ ground is not tamed by, but directly not opposed to the ascetic ideal. Thus, the beauty of the inner doubler is directly related to the ‘intellectual power of humanity’, and the abundance of ideas and ‘modern’ demands. 

<|endoftext|>

As a symbol, the child has two conventional meanings, either that age of humanity which is innocent or that which is most animal-like and dominated by instinct and passion. In association with this innocence, the child figure is capable of genuine creation, or more commonly, the child is synonymous with pure nature and a healthy relationship to the future. It is thus appropriate. Similarly, those who are contemplating marriage should ask themselves ‘have you the right to wish for a child’.

The notion of the ‘eternal child’  is an allusion to Ovid’s account of Jacchus (associated with Dionysus, particularly in the idea of perpetual rebirth).  The concept also has a reference to Heraclitus, who wrote that time, or the creator, is a child building with, then scattering, his playthings. Mozart was often called an ‘eternal child’. The concept of child has two-fold. First, that psychologically, there is no sharp divide between childhood and adulthood, and to believe there is shown an unhealthy devotion to seriousness. Second, that in the ‘genuine man, a child is hidden, it wants to play’  – that is, the higher human will embrace the concepts of play, toys, laughter, or fantasy. Thus, if knowledge removes its playthings, it will have to create others in a perpetual cycle. 

<|endoftext|>

China and the Chinese have two aspects. First, the impression in Asian thought which was inspired at least in part by Schopenhauer. Second, the Chinese have an entirely different form of life, to the extent that the Chinese are a distinct type of human being. This is manifested in their valuation of work, and attributes of the great age of their civilization.

<|endoftext|>

There are three aspects of Christianity. First, and famously, it is the bitter attack on Christianity, especially its effects on modernity. Christianity is responsible for breeding (or domesticating) human beings into a herd animal; Christianity espouses hatred of rationality, but also the body and any bodily passion (i.e. one not directed towards God); more generally, it is in part responsible for the prevalence of the ascetic ideal and the practices it devises, which in turn has ruined the health and taste of modern Europe and continues in disguised form in morality and science; it is responsible for a whole host of moral concepts but especially that of pity; in its denigration of becoming concerning actual being, it is in part responsible for the cultural paralysis induced by the historical sense; Christianity involves the destruction of the ability to read philologically; finally, it has waged war upon the noble, healthy and powerful (the ‘slave revolt’), and in the end broken most of the great (e.g. Wagner) before the cross. Much of this damage is historical; however, importantly, many of these values or practices continue surreptitiously, even without their basis intact. This attack is directed primarily towards Christianity because of its dominant position within European history and present. Still, some of these points are also valid concerning other religions (especially Judaism) or philosophies (especially Platonism).

Second, Christianity is a frequent object of genealogical analysis – that is, a historical account of the origin and development of concepts, values, or practices. This way of thinking overlaps

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 of life and a future. The life of the philosopher is thus a synthetic, object-like being, one whose sequence of constituent parts is an extended series of processes. Moreover, the sequence is not what it is (i) and therefore (way), and (ii) also (what is known and what is not) – what is known is that which is supposed to be known is habit. Thus, knowledge is both passive and active, taking part in the generation of knowledge. The former is just that – knowledge – or a state of affairs which is somehow not there at all, but is. The former is the impossibility of knowledge itself, and the possessor of the philosopher – the seeker after knowledge – eventually solves the riddle. The latter is the ‘sick woman in the cave’. Both are projections of human values, but the sick woman is the one who provides the impetus for the human iCloud drive, and thus is also at the root of the ‘intellectual debt’.

The concept of the philosopher is inclusive, as any individual with a certain collective identity within a collective group. However, the individual also can refer to its historical or cultural origin, it is thus also an historical reference, and also a model of free thinking. Furthermore, the individual always represents a continuum, and every other individual is a projection of human beings into many vast imitators. Moreover, the philosopher is also aware of itself being a displaced entity, and thus has the strength to remain devoted to the cause. Therefore, the individual is also aware of itself being a defective in some way, and must be revalued as something significant and missing.

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 of that which is an expression of or a direction in life. On each cycle, the same entities and events occur.  

The second interpretation is more important, not least because, on its own, the first is irrelevant to human values or behaviours. To affirm eternal recurrence means to exist in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love. To be sure, in illustrating the thought of eternal recurrence, it may be necessary to talk about circles of time, endless repetitions and so forth. However, this is necessary only as a first stage and is not the core of the thought.

<|endoftext|>

In Christian thought, and much of European metaphysics, 'eternity' is a transcendent feature of the divine to the created, or of the genuinely real to mere appearance. It means either timeless or time itself without end. In either case, eternity relies upon opposition to the transient, becoming the character of appearances and the finite nature of human lives. We can find the examples in Plato that 'time' is the 'image of eternity'; in Republic 608c; John 6:40 there's a description about 'eternal life', and finally, also see Kant's The Critique of Pure Reason where the form of time is unchanging but is not itself an object of experience. However, the distinction between very
