======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 either, one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love. To be sure, in illustrating the thought of eternal recurrence, it may be necessary to talk about circles of time, endless repetitions and so forth. However, this is necessary only as a first stage and is not the core of the thought.

<|endoftext|>

In Christian thought, and much of European metaphysics, 'eternity' is a transcendent feature of the divine to the created, or of the genuinely real to mere appearance. It means either timeless or time itself without end. In either case, eternity relies upon opposition to the transient, becoming the character of appearances and the finite nature of human lives. We can find the examples in Plato that 'time' is the 'image of eternity'; in Republic 608c; John 6:40 there's a description about 'eternal life', and finally, also see Kant's The Critique of Pure Reason where the form of time is unchanging but is not itself an object of experience. However, the distinction between very being and real being should be rejected. Without a transcendent 'eternal' being, eternity is asserted to be a feature of the same reality as transience. Nor are these two 'features' of the reliant upon two entirely different ways of thinking – for example, Spinoza's sub specie aeternitatis, which is reality as viewed from eternity (i.e. as apprehended by God). Instead,  the idea of becoming an eternity are compatible, such that we would need some transcendent viewpoint to reconcile them. Moments of still beauty and perfection are not illusions; instead, the world in its eternity is also profoundly tranquil. Likewise, in contrast to Goethe's 'eternal feminine', the eternity here is characterized by the repetition or cycle of types of becoming, and an alternation of destruction and creation.

'Repetition', as used above, is a different, more expansive notion than 'recurrence'. Thus, although sometimes it is employed to refer to eternal recurrence primarily, 'eternity' is likewise a broader concept. Metaphorically, eternity is the object of longing, while recurrence is the 'nu

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 either a vehicle for thinking or feeling guilty about one's actions or ways of living, and illustrating one’s beauty on others. The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘formula for greatness’. My love or gratitude comes from the fact that this fate produces me and does so as being capable of affirming myself and capable of having a creative role in the future.

The idea is closely allied to that of affirmation more generally:  to say yes to this situation is the only way of saying yes to oneself, and vice versa. It is related to the affirmation of eternal recurrence. Only an individual who embodied a healthy and ascending life; was spiritually attuned to such life (e.g. not deceived about themselves); also, could ‘redeem’ the past and present as if it were a product of their will, could genuinely love one’s fate. As such, accident, or chance (in any ordinary sense) is not relevant. Likewise, necessity is no cause for distress, for nothing can befall the lover of fate that is not also a product of the creative will.

<|endoftext|>

Several thinkers argued that any hierarchical framework of political, economic, legal, or social power must be harmful to human beings. Also, revolutionary figures and groups in the nineteenth century and beyond believed that political institutions could not be reformed but had to be dismantled. Although Rousseau was not an anarchist

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 either ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what
