======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of growth. Zarathustra’s devil is the ‘spirit of gravity’, while the sorcerers is ‘spirit of melancholy’ (gravity and melancholy are both variations on the word ‘Schwarz’ which means ‘heavy’). Third, the devil indicates the interconnection of the good and the bad, the positive and negative (i.e. the notion that opposites are not opposite). Thus, the devil is just God’s leisure every seventh day.

<|endoftext|>

Although in philosophical history the notion of dialectic has other reference points than this (Kant and Hegel, particularly), the use of the term here is exclusively about Socrates (and by extension Plato). 

<|endoftext|>

What one habitually eats, and drinks has a relationship to one’s spiritual life – that is, on what we think and how we value. The traditional diets of various nations, the religious practice of fasting or the role of beer in German culture are ample proof. More generally, this is part of the concern with the ‘closest things’: the spiritual significance of the patterns of life that are usually overlooked by philosophers on the hunt of ‘big’ issues. The interesting part in diet is that it has a metaphorical counterpoint in the idea of ‘incorporation’: the way the will to power absorbs, digests, makes its other powers, values, or ideas.

<|endoftext|>

Digestion has several meanings. First, philosophers have always chased after the significant issues and ignored the closest things, such as the food we eat. His discussions of digestion, intestines or stomachs are thus meant to be suggestions as to how certain daily life practices affect the spiritual domain of beliefs and ideas. Second, digestion is a metaphor for the ability of an individual or group to live with specific facts or conditions, which is about those who find life indigestible and therefore want its end.

Similarly, human beings in the modern period are called homo pemphigus because they can consume everything, indiscriminately, without benefit and decision. In contrast, the ‘coming philosophers will have ‘teeth and stomachs for the most indigestible’, meaning will be able to deal with – and indeed form a new mode of life out of – dangerous truths. Excrement, the product of digestion, is a strong metaphor also. Pessimists only view the world’s ‘backside’. Writing is, therefore, a necessity, like having to relieve oneself – which is a joking elaboration of the idea that ‘my writings speak only of my overcoming’. Third, to consume or digest means to make something one’s own, and thereby have power over something.

<|endoftext|>

Dionysius is a Greek deity. It is employed with many features of the myths and cultural practices associated with Dionysus, either as anthropological reference points, or as symbols: the association with grapevines, wine and intoxication; the association both with harvest and with spring, and thus both with plenty and with sexuality; the fact that the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value in a world characterised by becoming, and thus by the critique of values mentioned above. A life that could be willed eternally would be the only possible remaining criterion of value – it would approximate being – and yet such an experience would also have to be understood as healthy and ascending. This is the ‘opposite ideal’ to the pessimistic or indeed nihil

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 of the will in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love. To be sure, in illustrating the thought of eternal recurrence, it may be necessary to talk about circles of time, endless repetitions and so forth. However, this is necessary only as a first stage and is not the core of the thought.

<|endoftext|>

In Christian thought, and much of European metaphysics, 'eternity' is a transcendent feature of the divine to the created, or of the genuinely real to mere appearance. It means either timeless or time itself without end. In either case, eternity relies upon opposition to the transient, becoming the character of appearances and the finite nature of human lives. We can find the examples in Plato that 'time' is the 'image of eternity'; in Republic 608c; John 6:40 there's a description about 'eternal life', and finally, also see Kant's The Critique of Pure Reason where the form of time is unchanging but is not itself an object of experience. However, the distinction between very being and real being should be rejected. Without a transcendent 'eternal' being, eternity is asserted to be a feature of the same reality as transience. Nor are these two 'features' of the reliant upon two entirely different ways of thinking – for example, Spinoza's
