======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the second one is the Prisoner of Truth. This is both for a lack of sacrifice or for the noble person. The first concerns the intrinsic worth of the human, and the second more focused on the psychological and metaphysical roots of evil. The moral consideration of the conscience of a kind ofintellectual consciousness’ is related to early Christianity, having a profound effect on science and modernity. 

The conscience is one of the oldest concepts, known as the force of will or the conscience of some ancient or modern presence. There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic 'need' of a lower kind: a narcotic to disguise one's discontentment. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is essential to be well disposed towards oneself to avoid one's actions being determined by reaction or ressentiment. Reverence for the self is thus a noble trait.

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus, the inversion of the ancient view that work is contemptible. Significantly, there has a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as generally applicable (i.e. to humanity as a whole), as a primary effect associated with our individual philosophical development, and as productive to the future of the human. An important passage is ‘On the despisers of the body’. The argument is that these despisers’ despising is worthy of respect. However, they are still in some way reactive, or incapable of ‘creating beyond themselves’; their despising is a negation and thus not productive. It is not a ‘loving despising’. Similarly, Zarathustra says to the ‘ape’ who warns him about the great city ‘I despise your despising’ for it is founded upon impotent rage and revenge. An earlier version of this idea is intriguingly entitled ‘The over animal’. Also, the theme of despising again should be understood as a revaluation of the Christian theme of loving one’s enemies - the redeeming human of the great love and despising.

Contempt act as a feeling of power. To have contempt for something – that is, for one’s negative value judgement to achieve the level of a passion – is a mode of feeling power-over. It is, therefore, a primary drive. Likewise, the modern feeling that freedom is an absence of discipline. Equally importantly, the sense of power is a vital part of pity. Alternatively, self-contempt is found in empathy, as far as one projects one’s suffering onto others.  

<|endoftext|>

The devil has three primary meanings. First, it is common fears and traditional conceptions of evil. Second, the devil may be certain temptations, through which one might deviate from or be held down from one’s path of growth. Zarathustra’s devil is the ‘spirit of gravity’, while the sorcerers is ‘spirit of melancholy’ (gravity and melancholy are both variations on the word ‘Schwarz’ which means ‘heavy’). Third, the devil indicates the interconnection of the good and the bad, the positive and negative (i.e. the notion that opposites are not opposite). Thus, the devil is just God’s leisure every seventh day.

<|endoftext|>

Although in philosophical history the notion of dialectic has other reference points than this (Kant and Hegel, particularly), the use

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 the most frequent concepts used to describe the interrelated, systematic nature of life (or, for example, the soul). It is suitable as far as both are dynamic and relational. That is, for example, an economy must involve both those who buy and sell; analogously, the system of life will have to apply both active and passive, weak and intense moments of will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The term education has a broader meaning in culture and thus is also employed to express the process of cultivation. However, it is often used as equivalent to Rehang. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’ of history.

The word discipline is the same as that which is translated ‘breeding’ – and indeed, the concepts are related since, in both, there is a deliberate choice and harsh pruning. Likewise, the idea of education is often discussed in this connection.  At the same time, discipline without the accompaniment of nobility or good taste can be a disaster. Accordingly, discipline as the turning of one’s cruel instincts onto oneself is a crucial aspect of the description of the origin of ‘bad conscience’. 

<|endoftext|>

'Distance' appoints the separation or independence of things. Zarathustra is still 'distant' from the people in the marketplace, for they do not understand him; again, if he has pity, then it is 'from a distance' so as not to humiliate the pitied. An associated idea is that distance characterizes a longing for ideas that lie beyond the currently existing forms of the human (e.g. 'Too long have I. Investigated the distance'). In a manner akin to Buddhism, Jesus refuses to place happiness or the ideal at a distance – that is in a transcendent deity or an unfulfillable promise. 

The most famous usage of the metaphor of distance is in the expression 'pathos of distance.' Indeed, a distinction is implied between 'distant' and the more general Ferne, employing the former when he wants to draw attention primarily to 'rank'. The relevant sense of distance is that of insisting upon real distinctions among individuals or groups (mainly between types or classes), and the value of these for the health and growth of human life (it is thus related to height or 'separation'). Even among his or her peers, even in acts of obedience, the noble person stays independent, not forming part of a 'herd'.  This distance is not just a state, but a 'pathos' – that is, a kind of effect. The effect is a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Pathos falls under this category but is not something that could be called incidental or fleeting; by 'pathos.' An effect is meant that is a defining characteristic of a way of life. The pathos of distance, therefore, stands for a defining characteristic of the noble, part and parcel of his or her self-respect and sense of right. Likewise, some things should be apprehended only from a distance, because then their image can inspire. However, such a pathos against, primarily, Christianity, which abolishes distances (except for the absurd distance of transcendence), making everyone equal, cutting any possibility of reverence among humans. Besides, the pathos of distance is significant because it represents a condition of health in the human which in turn makes a 'more mysterious pathos', namely for new possibilities of human life and growth. Likewise, those noble types who feel the pathos of distance have overall responsibility for the future.

<|endoftext|>

Distress is an affective state experienced as an emergency: something vitally important is (or will be) wrong or missing. It is also used to describe conditions of suffering or poverty. Its philosophical significance lies in the conception that certain instances of distress are needed for life to overcome itself. The narrative begins when Zarathustra hears a ‘cry of distress’ and is tempted by pity for the higher humans. For the recognition of, and responding to, distress lies at the origin of the standard or ordinary. Likewise, there has a magnificent tension of the spirit and nihilism, which is experienced as distress. Rather than anaesthetizing that distress, the aim here is to release the tension in pursuit of new forms of human life. Other relevant passages elaborating on this idea include: the ‘highly spiritual’ will feel a delight over and above all the distress of a problem, psychology must overcome distress – an ‘unconscious resistance’ – to ideas of the reciprocal dependence of excellent and wicked, or celebrated Greek characteristics were not ‘natural’, but products of a need. The expression ‘ turning of need’ got repeated many times that turning is a reference to eternal recurrence, as well as meaning ‘transforming’ (it may also be an allusion to spiritual orientation in Plato
