======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 are all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of life.

<|endoftext|>

The terms ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 are associated with the ascetic sense). It is related to the belief in the spirit of Dionysus, who could not be fundamentally other, has been journeyed into because of his pursuit of the most beautiful and dangerous, and thus also because of his role in the creation of the modern university. The portrait of Dionysus that hangs in the city (endoriless and free) is an echo of Plato’s analogy, where the lion stands for the thump’s element of the soul and spiritedness. The lion figures prominently hint the sign that the days of loneliness are over. Also, the symbol of lions is as combining power with gentleness.

The tiger is one of the animals associated in mythology with Dionysus, which explicitly refers to fat. The tiger’s wildness is not tamed by, but directly not opposed to Dionysus’ needs or purposes. As one lush growth of the tropical south, the tiger is a symbol of wanton and sudden destructiveness (always about to leap) and over-abundance (‘Homer’s Contest’). Thus, also the tiger is the figure of that sudden urge to traitorous injustice among the Greeks, which requires the state to keep it in check. This tension can be seen negatively as unresolved, lacking perfection or direction. The ‘higher men’ are compared to a tiger that has failed in its leap – that is, ashamed of their action, and not accepting the role of chance in the growth of the human.

In general, the cat is an incompletely domesticated animal that it appears peaceful, loves comfort, but has a residual wildness, remains akin to a beast of prey and is mischievous or wilful. Also, the clouds are implied to cats, incapable of decision; and, cats are also compared with the figure of a woman. However, the cat is incapable of giving, reciprocity or love. In this, it is the opposite of the dog—moreover, the images of granite statues of cats, standing for old-fashioned values, heavy and unmovable.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of ‘category’ has a long history of philosophy, beginning with Aristotle. In Kant, the categories form a set of 12 essential and a priori concepts under which all experience falls. These would be: (i) the notion of effects), (ii) the notion of magnetism), (iii) the notion of sublimation or revaluation following that which follows from some underlying stability, whether that stability is an object of knowledge or a feeling. For example, the magnetism behind the masking of the body is that which is supposed to be beneath – beneath, in metaphysics, the realm of will to power. The will to power is a universal and universal force, and the realm of experiences is both unbreakable and unchangeable. Such unified experience is what allows people to live life to its conclusion: creating more is the only way of living that allows one to affirm the eternal recurrence of all.

Similarly, human beings in the modern period are called homo pemphigus because they can consume everything, indiscriminately, without benefit and decision. In contrast, the ‘coming philosophers will have ‘teeth and stomachs for the most indigestible’, meaning will to overcome will to power. Excrement, the product of digestion, is an essential virtue, although not one well understood previously. The expected response of the libertines is to reprove the doer who makes ‘houses of distress’; this is a joking elaboration of the idea that ‘my conscience is responsible’ for the wretched things I see. The conscience of the good life is an unbreakable unity, though not always oneachy-camel.

Later, the notion of perspective or interpretation becomes fundamental. That is, what is real is not merely an appearance of what is already a problem, but also a way of living and thinking. The cause of consciousness is not an object of knowledge, but a property of the living body – the system of proteins that make up the body. In other words, the function of the will is not also an object of knowledge, but a mechanism – that is, a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. In other words, the function of the will is not anything like a reason but a mechanism – and thus, also relates to the realm of values. A future insight into this self-contempt might be available if will to power was different. Instead, the explanatory power of education lies in their sharing of the great carpetbanging, and therefore include an exploration of the nature of nobility. Also, Emerson’s notion of which includes the analysis of will and the development of the form of human beings. In his later work, Emerson has an imagination that was made whole by

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to be useful to their community. The genuinely more energetic spirit, however, will ‘give style’ to their character, force it under one ‘taste’, and indeed take pleasure in this self-imposed law. Likewise, higher spirits of this type will create a ‘role’ – a simplified version of themselves – as an instrument of communication or rule.

<|endoftext|>

Cheerfulness, most often, but the concept shades into other words that might otherwise be interpreted as happiness or joyfulness. Optimism cannot be a consequence of a lack of awareness of pain, cruelty or destructiveness – because this was the people that invented tragedy and celebrated the wisdom of Silenus – nor could it be a consequence of ‘unendangered ease and comfort’, or pure sensuality, because then philosophy would never have arisen. Instead, this cheerfulness or serenity arises because of the healing effects of Apollonian beauty. Because on its terms the immersion into the Dionysian is experienced as ‘the eternal lust and delight of existence’. That is to say, the Greeks were much more aware of the true nature of existence than we moderns but had developed a culture in which reality is justified as an aesthetic phenomenon. This degenerates after the death of tragedy into the ‘cheerfulness of slaves’ without responsibility.

There are three meanings in cheerfulness. First, cheerfulness as blissful ignorance; second, cheerfulness as a disguise, a way of appearing to be different from, and be misunderstood by, others. Third, and most importantly, cheerfulness is part of the ideal of a new form of life that does not suffer from the defining features of modernity. This last idea is, in part, an updating of the Apollonian concept; in part, it is a new analysis of the perils of an over-historicized culture (see historical sense). Cheerfulness is thought of as an effect of the exercise of power, or of one who shows an excess of strength. Likewise, it is a characteristic of someone who has found their proper element, the role most aligned to their character. Thus, the highest human beings of the present will be both ‘cheerful’ and ‘live dangerously’. Taking the questioning of morality seriously has, as a kind of reward, cheerfulness – or the ‘gay science’. In other words, there is a stage of nausea or nihilism in the confrontation with the genealogy of values, but this stage overcomes itself in cheerfulness. The significance of cheerfulness considers that optimism is a constant cycle with severe intellectual labour and a form of convalescence. 

<|endoftext|>

As a symbol, the child has two conventional meanings, either that age of humanity which is innocent or that which is most animal-like and dominated by instinct and passion. In association with this innocence, the child figure is capable of genuine creation, or more commonly, the child is synonymous with pure nature and a healthy relationship to the future. It is thus appropriate. Similarly, those who are contemplating marriage should ask themselves ‘have you the right to wish for a child’.

The notion of the ‘eternal child’  is an allusion to Ovid’s account of Jacchus (associated with Dionysus, particularly in the idea of perpetual rebirth).  The concept also has a reference to Heraclitus, who wrote that time, or the creator, is a child building with, then scattering, his playthings. Mozart was often called an ‘eternal child’. The concept of child has two-fold. First, that psychologically, there is no sharp divide between childhood and adulthood, and to believe there is shown an unhealthy devotion to seriousness. Second, that in the ‘genuine man, a child is hidden, it wants to play’  – that is, the higher human will embrace the concepts of play, toys, laughter, or fantasy. Thus, for example, childhood is finally revealed to be a chemistry of cruelty and exhaustion, a moment of pure creation and rage against fate.

<|endoftext|>

China and the Chinese have two aspects. First, the impression in Asian thought which was inspired at least in part by Schopenhauer. Second, the Chinese have an entirely different form of life, to the extent that the Chinese are a distinct type of human being. This is manifested in their valuation of work, and attributes of the great age of their civilization.

<|endoftext|>

There are three aspects of Christianity. First, and famously, it is the bitter attack on Christianity, especially its effects on modernity. Christianity is responsible for breeding (or domesticating) human beings into a herd animal
