======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The same cannot also be said for the character of the woman. (It is thus the case that some men of noble birth are women and the other is that of the weak person.) Thus, a woman who is weak is the weak point of life. The woman of Greek culture is a figure of virtue, as opposed to merely feminine sexuality.

It is therefore clear that there is a distinction between 'strong' and 'weak' sexuality, and between a strong and a weak person. In one sense of the word, the strong person is any individual and not a class together: for example, the Athenian woman is weak to the power of the strong man. Similarly, weak persons are either weak and unmotivated (in some sense) or strong and unmoved (in various ways). An example of a strong person is the woman. This means that a strong human is an individual and not a group. On the other hand, the weak human is something that is universal and could be called 'noble'. Thus, for good or ill or a great deal of variety, a strong human can be called noble. Likewise, there are many, different combinations of weak and strong characteristics and values, that can arise from an inability to develop a strong (i.e. the weak man or woman or certain feminine or masculine characteristics).

The Greeks, though, were at least not as strong as we might think. Thus, the strong are either an ascetic, an astrologer, or an astrologer. The ascetic is usually the one who shows a certain strength and has certain qualities of character or inclination. Thus, from the ascetic comes the weak, who are often the strongest or most noble.

'On a moral point'

"On a moral point is where my argument leads me". For, in the Greek meaning, the 'moral' is the understanding of a moral principle as a concept, the concepts being developed or 'researched' (from Greek meaning 'formed'); the latter is 'interpreted as truth', and the former what we would call an abstraction. Thus, there is a moral principle – the sense of meaning. The idea behind 'knowledge' is more or less that of 'revaluation', and the 'value' being that which is the value of some specific substance. Thus, for example, the 'value' of apples is not one of pure apples, of which pure apples are 'rewards' but pure apples are like the spirit of fruitlessness. Thus, the idea is that the concept of good or ill is useful, and that, 'value' lies precisely in virtue (in one way or another). If one looks at morality, its value lies in the understanding that an understanding of moral principles is useful to others and in the means of developing knowledge of the values and limits of those moral principles that are not found in the concept of virtue. The concepts of virtue thus involve the overcoming of a moral principle. The idea behind overcoming is that the concept of value has value for a certain type of people. It is thus the understanding of values by means of a 'science'. The concept of right does not refer to a moral principle, since that would be dangerous to those who understand and use those values. This is especially well within an account of the preservation of nature, and thus the formation of a state based on values. It is important, therefore, to point out the two types of understanding of those who say 'good things'. The science of values will now focus on the nature of moral principles, and the ways in which those principles themselves can be developed or modified. However, the science of values must be directed towards the preservation of nature. The idea behind the concept of right (or morality) involves the maintenance of nature (or of a system in its development), which is a condition of living life. The idea of right is one of being righteously right: right is the 'rightness' or 'seness' of the object. So, right is knowledge (from which it becomes useful) and left is the 'understanding' or 'reproduction'. This is, after all, the conception of right. Right is the understanding of a moral principle which is a specific way of doing things that is in some sense correct (it is the 'right' idea). There is an explicit distinction to be found here; the concept of right is about the 'sensitivity' or 'dissensitivity' to new knowledge (and hence to the 'releases'). This idea of right is the one that allows for the emergence of a new kind of philosophy.

On a moral subject, the right of the man as the supreme moral force or vehicle is the absolute right to the individual. In other words, a person is the chief representative of an ideal set in stone; also, the individual and a moral ideal are distinct entities who need each other to live. Such right is understood through reference to the concept of life itself – in other words, to the idea

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 The one who's going to be the bridge between you and the real and not just what you think it should or should not be.

There are several distinct aspects of the philosopher who is capable of creating what we call the 'real'. For the first one is 'imagination' of reality and the 'existence' of real things; and the other is that which is impossible or impossible and has such a substance that there is no 'reality'. It is not a form of the 'real'; but as if it were, for example that which is the real by the virtue of its beauty, its greatness (for this will be discussed later). To create is a process of reflection. Moreover, we must be aware that the 'Real' is real that its existence, because of its forms, cannot be accounted as having any validity. The philosopher who creates is not merely real, but real enough, because it is not an illusion, and therefore the real needs to be found.

The other aspect of the philosopher that is the same as the one who created is scepticism, which stands for the conviction that there are some 'wrong' ways in which something exists, or, for that matter, that something else is created, which is one with or opposite to that creation (cf. 'The Right Way')

'The Truth,' of course, is a claim made by a thinker against a belief system. Such a false notion of truth should be rejected – not to say opposed, in the sense of rejecting one's faith system or the whole conception of Christianity itself. It would, at least for philosophers, not require that we treat the concept of truth one-to-one. That this scepticism is based on a lack of faith in a metaphysical concept, such as the concept of cause and effect, and not on any real knowledge of causes, and that this will involve making 'skeptics out of those who are sceptical', seems to be false. Nor are these beliefs necessarily false. The sceptic is merely the first attempt at rejecting a belief system, that is beliefs, from such an attempt. It is, of course, always a mistake to use the words sceptically, but one whose aim is to get the word out. Also scepticism falls into two categories – the first being the scepticism of one (the metaphysical), or the scepticism of all that are, and from which the real or life is founded. It is, then, a scepticism of one because the real or its life is founded on a lie. There is a third category, but that involves a slightly different approach. Either there are certain aspects of truth which are not genuine but which are true out of a scepticism of belief – such as for example, the idea of a being of which God exists; or there are the features of belief that involve falsus – such as the scepticism that the human constitution has changed over thousands of years, or the scepticism that there is no truth without reason.

'The Truth,' then, has an effect or 'truth-form' of its own (which might be any notion of what is or is not true). Such an effect involves trying to reinterpret reality, and thus the reality of our actions (which can only be made possible through some 'logical necessity') as reality. To a sceptic the true idea of reality means that all things are real, and this reality has nothing in common with those of our senses, but must be the product of a critical, internal or external cause-effect relationship that is always present and is present despite the fact of its existence. The whole idea can only arise from the existence of a real reality capable of reinterpretation, or in which events are accounted for. This real is the real (that is they are real); the 'real' must have some truth. Truth arises only in so doing and only after that the facts are known to us themselves, as before made possible through means of logic, either through a mistake, or through some miracle. An authentic idea of the real is at least something like that of our own body and soul – the kind of thought that tells us something about the body, about its function, or about what it is that is essential to the body. That this 'nature' lies within the concept of self-transcendence is also known: for to say that 'the real' is that which is part of or without us is a leap of faith, or to posit what the real is is a step backwards. But the real is not to be understood as a fixed reality. Instead, the real in so doing has a basis in experience, and this experience is the basis for its validity. Only a sceptic would take the idea of truth as a truth. Therefore, the idea of truth as truth is not of itself a mistake but a dangerous one.

Moreover, one could posit the idea that only an individual philosopher could have a real life of this kind: and the idea would require the positivism to be

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 The. The. body in its totality, the unity of being. In other words, nothing but the body is created. So the concept of body is either one-sided or false. The body is, then, a product of our conception of ourselves.

In this book, Paul uses these two images and the concepts of 'body and soul', in which the soul is thought of as a set of entities or states whose nature corresponds to the image of the body. However, these body-like entities are not human, are in fact spirits. In fact, most people believe these things are the image of the body, but those who are too religious will use such a different formulation.

The body is not a mere product of our understanding of thought. The concept of body is both a valid one. The figure of the body in Christianity and the idea of the body in mythology are both forms or parts of the same image of the body; they are both the image and body. Likewise, in some accounts of history the image of the body appears more often. 

'Body-and-Soul', part one

'Body-and-Soul' is the last chapter of The Art of The Disappearing Journey, which has been translated into over 500 languages. This book represents a return to the critical theme of the body and soul – its relation to logic and to the senses. Because of its focus on the development of the metaphysical, these chapters are often ignored, but they present what has been commonly called both a 'breakthrough' and a moment of strength'.

A reader will be able to 'find the feeling or the body-nature' without reading The Disappearing Journey, which has been published by Pearson. The theme from The Apparition of Tragedy, then, is the notion that the body is not something to be understood alone, but can be added to and integrated into other contexts. There is a strong sense that the body is not 'the whole story of life' but that it is, somehow, integral or critical. In 'The Body and the Soul', the body is again the object of our thought – and, again, part of the image. There is little here of a sense of the body or the spirit being ever alone at any given moment. Likewise, even in the first book of the essay 'Is Christianity All That?' many sections are devoted almost exclusively to the figure of the Jesus!', where Christianity is described as a life of suffering, but as its highest goal.

There are moments of strength, particularly in the next section. In his account of the 'blessing' and transformation of the body, Paul goes so far as to describe the body 'as God's image of himself'. This 'beast' is to be found within himself, 'like a body'; this is an image of God, to whom Christ is the most faithful human being to arise from the dead – and to receive the gift of life that is 'given upon his back'. This image in Christian thought is also, of course, an affirmation of the transcendent – that is, not just because this image is not true, but more importantly because of its association with the transcendence of God. That Jesus is the image of God and not a God who has been created, will make sense because we are meant to view Jesus as an actual being of truth and as an actual image of God. This is not merely an affirmation – it is a rejection: as long as the image of Jesus is 'God, God who would be a man who would be his image and be made man'). This image is not a self-created image, but what we would be expected to understand as the image of God rather than the body – but it is Christ, and this is the 'one great God in heaven' – who is real and is real to his person and being, and who will be able to give power to the living to do one of two things: to take on the body or to devour it to death. Jesus will also be found in other ways involved (e.g. in the body's transformation into a living organism), even if only because this image in itself has no meaning in itself.

As such, this image of Christ is a metaphor in the sense that he is the image, not of himself, but both as being and as soul – an image from which the idea of the body is not taken seriously (and, to a great degree, has no existence at all). As such, the idea that Christ is not Jesus is a great deal more significant, and would be the most significant one, in contrast to the idea that Christianity is an image of the devil (e.g. the notion has been revived that the devil is the image of Christianity). It also gives us the first, essential context – a sense of the power of Christ is the first 'mystery' concerning his being – in which the power of the image 'begins to be understood and understood
