======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 new human being is reasserted. This is another expression of the theme of untimeliness. The concept of actuality as the concerns of the present presents that it 'infertile' and 'without prophetic dreams' – that is without the ability to create, long for and pursue ideals. What is rational is actual, and what is actual is rational. The actual is that which, through a process of becoming, has reached to its full essence.

Untimeliness may involve a turning away from the actual in the above sense of 'to dryness', but certainly not in a more general sense. For, a particular hatred of or fleeing from reality characterises early Christian (and not only Christian) thought. This hatred, in turn, branched out into the elevation of Jesus to divinity as an act of resentment against those who crucified him, the notions of guilt before God, and judgement and so forth. Other examples of hatred of reality include despising the body and all that is associated with the organisation (e.g. sexuality), plus the corresponding elevation in value of the fiction that is 'soul'. Likewise, modern science involves a flight from the actual, for it relies upon ideal fictions such as the atom (or some other version of substance), number, pure observation, and law. Reality thus requires redemption. What is this 'redeemed' reality? Not some renewed naïve metaphysical faith in exterior substance or matter, for example. It can only mean recognising (not as mere knowledge, but as an alignment) reality as the will to power and perspective.

<|endoftext|>

Aeschylus is the first one and the purest of the Greek tragic poets. 

<|endoftext|>

Aesthetics is the philosophical treatment of art and related concepts.

<|endoftext|>

States of mind (or reports of states of consciousness) that include an immediate evaluation of the state of its objects, such as pain, pleasure, or the emotions. Moreover, these states assign objects as causes or locations (this is painful, that makes me angry, etc.). All these words could also be translated as either 'emotion' (though few would call pleasure or pain an emotion) or more commonly 'feeling'. The feeling can seem to be a value-neutral report of a factual state. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.



======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 new mode of life of an individual or group; thus, history transformed into blood: morals part of our ‘flesh and blood’. Blood is accumulated and passed down, forming peoples, types, or families (Geblüt means belonging to an aristocratic family line). Blood is that which makes one strong and capable of creating so that we have the vampire or leech images; also, the life-draining of specific ideas or practices, revenge, or asceticism or nihilism. Blood is precious; therefore, the mention thereof aphorisms and of things written in blood being an effort to read. Blood is also courage and the love of danger so that which is written in blood will take risks and those who read it to take risks with themselves.  Blood means sacrifice or martyrdom, which the idea is related to Christian symbolism, but also to Bismarck’s famous speech in 1862, where he uses the phrase ‘iron and blood’ to describe a nationalistic foreign policy not afraid to risk warfare.

<|endoftext|>

Body means the human body as opposed to just any material object. If one rejects dualism – an account of the mind or soul as fundamentally different from, even separable from, the body – then bodily states are sensations, appetites, passions and so on, and thought and reason. In turn, this means that the one set of processes (those traditionally associated with a body) and the other (those usually associated with a mind) will require a similar set of explanatory accounts—this joint descriptive account in a materialistic account of physiology. The will to power seems to provide such an account that does not involve the metaphysical commitments of materialism. Moreover, these two sets must also influence each other (indeed overlap or coincide) much more than is thought. Importantly, the individual body is not necessarily the primary object of enquiry – groups based on gender, class, or race are treated as effectively one body. That is, certain groups are effectively a single organism. For example, the mobility and intermarriage of various human types vertically across classes, and geographically across Europe and beyond, has created mixed physiologies and thus also new types of cultural forces or possibilities.

Similarly, this account of the body explains with the concept of health or growth in both physical and spiritual ways, and with practices like diet, cleanliness, or discipline.  Through such methods, bodies can be developed (or made ill) through what sometimes calls internalisation or incorporation.

The sickness of the body, and a misunderstanding of this sickness, forms the whole of philosophy. The most obvious example of this is the denigration of the body and what are taken to be its characteristics: sex, desire, sensuality, potent effects of all kinds. From this denigration arise certain ascetic practices that seek to repress the body. To these counterpoises a ‘deification of the body’, the ‘development of a higher body’, or a state in which sensuality and spirit are ‘at home’ together. Part of the redemption of the body, then, is redemption, or revaluation, of the value of those denigrated characteristics.

<|endoftext|>

To breed means to select reproductive pairs to emphasise or cut certain inherited traits. Bought characteristics can be inherited, which is an outdated concept of biological inheritance. If we think of breeding on a broader sense, as the inheriting of selected values by way of institutions (such as education or church), then it is more plausible—a school ‘breeds’ in the sense that it values and passes on specific characteristics. The concept is in both a negative and positive sense. In a negative sense, Christianity is a procedure for breeding herd-like features, and physical and psychological illnesses, into populations. The domestication aimed at by Christianity from the breeding (in a strict sense) aimed at in Hindu culture, but the process is not dissimilar. In a positive sense, breeding is how peoples came to be, by favouring those characteristics that enabled survival under challenging conditions, which then became virtues. Likewise, breeding is the taking charge of human development, rather than leaving it to lucky accidents.

<|endoftext|>

The image of a bridge is conventional that it is an opportunity for overcoming (for growth, development, progress of some type), and it has value for that reason alone. Thus, the human is a bridge and not a goal. Also, the passage called ‘On Redemption’ takes place on a ‘great bridge’. The ascetic ideal is, for a philosophy, a unique bridge to his or her conditions of growth. The priests are scolded for believing that there is ‘but one bridge’ (i.e. a universalising morality and monotheism), and the tyrant believes all history has been a bridge to him. A more complex analogy

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 new and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had
