======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to interfere. The human must be liberated from chance as from priests; that is, freed from either a pessimistic assessment of human possibilities, from the endless diversion of the random and incidental, or from the rule of chance in human evolution.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous opinion’. This does not mean conceiving of one’s character and opinions as somehow arbitrary or disorderly, nor being an ‘apostate’ of the free spirit. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore, people of ‘strong character’ are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to be useful to their community. The genuinely more energetic spirit, however, will ‘give style’ to their character, force it under one ‘taste’, and indeed take pleasure in this self-imposed law. Likewise, higher spirits of this

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power. Moreover, the notion of will here (the ego wills actions in its interest) is no less mistaken. Therefore, there are neither egoistic nor unegoistic acts. 

<|endoftext|>

Ralph Waldo Emerson was an influential American essayist and poet of the mid-nineteenth century. Emerson has a conception of the human relation to nature that is different from Schopenhauer, involving alignment to or identification with nature, and including a definite spiritual element: ‘The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship’. Emerson, in his description of the solitary and exceptional human who believes in his own thought, also gives an element in the concept of nobility or the over human. Also, Emerson’s notion of which includes the analysis of will and motive, the critique of consciousness as the core of human identity, the nature and importance of solitude, friendship, and the oversoul, is equal to parts Neoplatonic and Vedanta.

<|endoftext|>

Empiricism is a type of epistemology that traces all knowledge back to data of the senses. Although the notion has strong roots in the ancient world, it is significantly associated with the British tradition of Locke and Hume and French positivism in the nineteenth century. Nietzsche is an empiricist, complete with a scepticism akin to Hume's. However, there is also a robust neo-Kantian influence. Much of his epistemological analyses concern the cognitive processes that mediate or distort the data of the senses, and the interpretative 'errors' – most of which have moral values underpinning them – that make knowledge possible. In other words, on Nietzsche's account, there is no unmediated or straightforward access to the data of the senses, as would be needed in a traditional empiricist epistemology.

<|endoftext|>

Energy is the ability to do work. It is an incredibly common term. Free spirits tend to be relatively weak, by comparison with the energetic focus achieved by the unfree spirit; so, how is it possible for the free spirit to have the energy – to have what might be called ‘strength’ and ‘endurance’? The answers are given in later sections: the struggle against unfavourable conditions or tapping into a

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to, or hostile to, life. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ would belong to the ‘great health’.

<|endoftext|>

A traditional definition of consciousness is that part or function of us that not only thinks, feels, and acts but is aware of itself doing so and can reflect upon it. Because of that awareness, consciousness also implies the ability to will its thinking, acting and even to some extent, its feeling. Accordingly, consciousness is our critique of will and our evaluation of the human subject as a causal agent so that the emphasis placed on consciousness within modern thought (Descartes, Kant, and German Idealism) is an enormous error. Leibniz usually gets cited as an exception, since the latter posited unconscious Petite's feelings as an essential factor in human identity and motivation. Therefore, the human being is an ensemble of drives in competition with each other (i.e. will to power). These drives, their competition and any later effects are mostly unconscious (in the sense that they never enter consciousness). Or, if some do become conscious, they are transformed (by pre-existing values or perspectives) and thus what we are aware of is by no means an unmediated or even reliable source of data about ourselves ('the phenomenality of the inner world' ). For this reason, here, the psychological perspective is concerned with the observation of others, and not introspection so that consciousness is collective and not individual: only what is 'common' becomes.

On the other hand, some
