======== SAMPLE 1 ========

<|endoftext|>

There are more ancient and modern concepts such as 'anti-Alexanders' and 'anti-Alexanders'. Alexander is already portrayed as a masculine, masculine, and feminine, by nature and by reason, which is herself a wanderer and not a thinker. Alexander is thus either an origin or disfigured mirror-image, of which we are ashamed. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates the lack of a profound contrast to the sublime as conventionally thought, the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming

======== SAMPLE 2 ========


The notion of ‘category’ has a long history of philosophy, beginning with Aristotle. In Kant, the categories form a set of 12 essential and a priori concepts under which all experience falls. They thus describe the structure of experience and its limits but also supply a transcendental account of how knowledge is possible in the first place. 

<|endoftext|>

Causality is one of the critical physical and metaphysical lines of thought. There are several aspects. Although using some of the same concepts as ‘On Truth and Lies’useful as a kind of shorthand for describing and predicting, the concepts of cause and effect require us to posit the cause and the effect as separable and identifiable; that is, each must be a stable entity. In truth, a continuum faces us, and every causal event is an infinite number of processes. Cause and effect thus offer no real understanding or explanation. This simplifying treatment of cause and effect is founded upon a natural, but mistaken, analysis of will – our clear willing and effecting becomes a model for natural processes. Cause and effect do not follow ‘laws. This notion of natural law as something that ‘governs’ also is an illegitimate application of our (mistaken) notion of willing according to a maxim. The critique of causality also amounts to an evaluation of mechanical thought (all nature consists of pushing and pulling entities). Natural causality is replaced by the concept of a network of forces – that is with the will to power. Among other things, this new concept demands (as against mechanism) ‘action at a distance’. Importantly,  this concept of cause and effect includes a diagnosis of the psychological needs that might explain its adoption.

Second, there are some natural processes at work that are gestured towards by the concept of cause and effect. This whole natural realm contrasts with an unnatural or anti-natural sense of cause and effect: the idea of a sin against God, ‘spiritual causality’, or the cause of itself that is both an account of God but also a model of free will. In all these cases, a cause is posited that lies outside the natural order.

The third strand of thought concerning causality is the notion of sublimation, in which a force or desire has its ‘direction’ changed – that is, its mode of discharge – by a second force or passion. There, the distinction between a vast quantum of power, and a smaller trigger, serves to give the former direction. The latter would be the ends we set ourselves for tasks or our lives. But these are often ‘beautifying pretexts’ – the real function of the discharge is hidden from us.

<|endoftext|>

There are many caves in Greek mythology. The first one is the Dikeman Cave where the infant Zeus was born and hidden away from his father Chronos (time); the second one is the cave near Mount Kylene where Maia gave birth to Hermes (god of travel and herald of the gods), son of Zeus; the third one is the cave near Mount Nysa where Dionysus (another son of Zeus) was raised by nymphs,  hidden from Hera’s jealousy.

The other primary classical source for the image of the cave is Plato. In The Republic, Plato uses the ‘allegory of the cave’ to describe the journey of the philosopher, who flees the imaginary images in the cave (appearances), up to the sunlight (the forms as genuine entities illuminated by genuine light), and then back again to aid others in escaping. The cave, rather than being a dark place of illusion, is depth (in the sense of profundity) but is also elevated in the mountains. When we step out before the sun, it is not to gain insight, but to bestow it on others. Similarly, the figure of a cave to talk about the solitude of the free spirit; and, the cave is the depths of insight compared to the superficial daylight of modernity. Finally, the philosopher-hermit does not ever have ‘ultimate and real opinions’, that for every cave there is ‘another, deeper cave’.

<|endoftext|>

Cialdini’s sound figure by Ernst Chaldini is a scientific demonstration of using the patterns formed by sand on a vibrating plate to visualize resonance. This is as representing a translation from vibration to image, but metaphorically an interpretation that is in no way obvious. and thus, does not allow us quickly to reverse the conversion back to the vibration.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of chance is not, as one might have expected, primarily in the context of a discussion of physics or metaphysics. In these contexts, the much more common problem is the relationship between law, calculability, and necessity. The

======== SAMPLE 3 ========

Causality is one of the critical physical and metaphysical lines of thought. There are several aspects. Although using some of the same concepts as ‘On Truth and Lies’useful as a kind of shorthand for describing and predicting, the concepts of cause and effect involve a misunderstanding of the various ways in which the real is supposed to be Threadbare in the Cloud. Because of its global reach, Causality has become the whole of the natural realm.

The second interpretation is that what is real are something like ‘fine’, but without the --------- suspecting homes, schools, or the state apparatus of everything else. That is, what is real are things like things, objects, or materials - and indeed, the concepts of cause and effect are aspects of the necessary synthesis of two metaphysically separable and separable things. 

The third interpretation is that what is real are, again, something like things, but without the  --------- intrusions of conscience. That is, things are not formed from out of themselves, but are 'moved' by and drives into out of themselves. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from the nobility of a narrowly perfected culture, as well as from the anti-culture of the historical sense. This historical sense is a kind of comprehensiveness but without discrimination, without any setting of limits. Such an ideal requires dangerous experiences to enable judgements about the value of modes of life. Greatness is judged in fact by the ability for comprehensiveness. Comprehensiveness thus describes a height that is not that of abstraction and represents an overall responsibility for the
