======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ancient Greek has the virtue to the ‘redeem’ enemy of Christianity. The essential use of the term enemy is in discussing the moral/political notions associated with democracy or class. 

<|endoftext|>
Eternal recurrence (or ‘return’) is among the most famous and widely discussed concepts. There are two broad (and not mutually exclusive) ways of interpreting eternal recurrence. Either it is a metaphysical/cosmological claim concerning reality; or it is a test of – or element within – the highest affirmation of life. On the first of these interpretations, the whole of the real exhibits only so many combinations, which are interlinked and follow in a definite order. Thus, in infinite time, the real must repeat itself in a vast ‘year’. On each cycle, the same entities and events occur.  

The second interpretation is more important, not least because, on its own, the first is irrelevant to human values or behaviours. To affirm eternal recurrence means to exist in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love. To be sure, in illustrating the thought of eternal recurrence, it may be necessary to talk about circles of time, endless repetitions and so forth. However, this is necessary only as a first stage and is not the core of the thought.



======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 ancient Greek literature a choral hymn to Dionysus, set to music and dance. The dithyramb, following Aristotle, was thus the original form of Greek tragedy. The dithyramb, following what would later be called Kantianism, was founded upon the notion of a random and indivisible group, and the despising of others is natural. Likewise,  what is random is ascetic.

In either case, the historical Jesus is the first Buddhist, which is not the descent to decadence, but the affirmation of the self and its limits. 

<|endoftext|>

Although in philosophical history the notion of dialectic has other reference points than this (Kant and Hegel, particularly), the use of the term here is exclusively about Socrates (and by extension Plato). 

<|endoftext|>

What one habitually eats, and drinks has a relationship to one’s spiritual life – that is, on what we think and how we value. The traditional diets of various nations, the religious practice of fasting or the role of beer in German culture are ample proof. More generally, this is part of the concern with the ‘closest things’: the spiritual significance of the patterns of life that are usually overlooked by philosophers on the hunt of ‘big’ issues. The interesting part in diet is that it has a metaphorical counterpoint in the idea of ‘incorporation’: the way the will to power absorbs, digests, makes its other powers, values, or ideas.

<|endoftext|>

Digestion has several meanings. First, philosophers have always chased after the significant issues and ignored the closest things, such as the food we eat. His discussions of digestion, intestines or stomachs are thus meant to be suggestions as to how certain daily life practices affect the spiritual domain of beliefs and ideas. Second, digestion is a metaphor for the ability of an individual or group to live with specific facts or conditions, which is about those who find life indigestible and therefore want its end.

Similarly, human beings in the modern period are called homo pemphigus because they can consume everything, indiscriminately, without benefit and decision. In contrast, the ‘coming philosophers will have ‘teeth and stomachs for the most indigestible’, meaning will be able to deal with – and indeed form a new mode of life out of – dangerous truths. Excrement, the product of digestion, is a strong metaphor also. Pessimists only view the world’s ‘backside’. Writing is, therefore, a necessity, like having to relieve oneself – which is a joking elaboration of the idea that ‘my writings speak only of my overcoming’. Third, to consume or digest means to make something one’s own, and thereby have power over something.

<|endoftext|>

Dionysius is a Greek deity. It is employed with many features of the myths and cultural practices associated with Dionysus, either as anthropological reference points, or as symbols: the association with grapevines, wine and intoxication; the association both with harvest and with spring, and thus both with plenty and with sexuality; the fact that the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 ancient Greek culture span dozens of generations. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages
