======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is the cave near Mount Nysa where Dionysus (another son of Zeus) was raised by nymphs,  hidden from Hera’s jealousy.

The other primary classical source for the image of the cave is Plato. In The Republic, Plato uses the ‘allegory of the cave’ to describe the journey of the philosopher, who flees the imaginary images in the cave (appearances), up to the sunlight (the forms as genuine entities illuminated by genuine light), and then back again to aid others in escaping. The cave, rather than being a dark place of illusion, is depth (in the sense of profundity) but is also elevated in the mountains. When we step out before the sun, it is not to gain insight, but to bestow it on others. Similarly, the figure of a cave to talk about the solitude of the free spirit; and, the cave is the depths of insight compared to the superficial daylight of modernity. Finally, the philosopher-hermit does not ever have ‘ultimate and real opinions’, that for every cave there is ‘another, deeper cave’.

<|endoftext|>

Cialdini’s sound figure by Ernst Chaldini is a scientific demonstration of using the patterns formed by sand on a vibrating plate to visualize resonance. This is as representing a translation from vibration to image, but metaphorically an interpretation that is in no way obvious. and thus, does not allow us quickly to reverse the conversion back to the vibration.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of chance is not, as one might have expected, primarily in the context of a discussion of physics or metaphysics. In these contexts, the much more common problem is the relationship between law, calculability, and necessity. The concept of chance reveals a vital ambiguity. On the one hand, history broadly and the life of an individual are subject to chance, meaning that there is no visible or comprehensible necessity and no repetition of events. Moreover, existence is characterized by chance in a grander sense: without overall or original purpose or meaning. Thus, even necessity has a chance-like character to it, since that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to interfere. The human must be liberated from chance as from priests; that is, freed from either a pessimistic assessment of human possibilities, from the endless diversion of the random and incidental, or from the rule of chance in human evolution.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typh

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 is one of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous opinion’. This does not mean conceiving of one’s character and opinions as somehow arbitrary or disorderly, nor being an ‘apostate’ of the free spirit. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore, people of ‘strong character’ are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to be useful to their community. The genuinely more energetic spirit, however, will ‘give style’ to their character, force it under one ‘taste’, and indeed take pleasure in this self-imposed law. Likewise, higher spirits of this type will create a ‘role’ – a simplified version of themselves – as an instrument of communication or rule.

<|endoftext|>

Cheerfulness, most often, but the concept shades into other words that might otherwise be interpreted as happiness or joyfulness. Optimism cannot be a consequence of a lack of awareness of pain, cruelty or destructiveness – because this was the people that invented tragedy and celebrated the wisdom of Silenus – nor could it be a consequence of ‘unendangered ease and comfort’, or pure sensuality, because then philosophy would never have arisen. Instead, this cheerfulness or serenity arises because of the healing effects of Apollonian beauty. Because on its terms the immersion into the Dionysian is experienced as ‘the eternal lust and delight of existence’. That is to say, the Greeks were much more aware of the true nature of existence than we moderns but had developed a culture in which reality is justified as an aesthetic phenomenon. This degenerates after the death of tragedy into the ‘cheerfulness of slaves’ without responsibility.

There are three meanings in cheerfulness. First, cheerfulness as blissful ignorance; second, cheerfulness as a disguise, a way of appearing to be different from, and be misunderstood by, others. Third, and most importantly, cheerfulness is part of the ideal of a new form of life that does not suffer from the defining features of modernity. This last idea is, in part, an updating of the Apollonian concept; in part, it is a new analysis of the perils of an over-historicized culture (see historical sense). Cheerfulness is thought of as an effect of the exercise of power, or of one who shows an excess of strength. Likewise, it is a characteristic of someone who has found their proper element, the role most aligned to their character. Thus, the highest human beings of the present will be both ‘cheerful’ and ‘live dangerously’. Taking the questioning of morality seriously has

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 is beautiful; and the progress of knowledge is the transformation of the ugly into the beautiful. Philosophical reflection in terms of procreation and childbirth: the philosopher is pregnant with wisdom and requires a beautiful soul (Socrates) as midwife to bring this wisdom to term. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates the lack of a profound contrast to the sublime as conventionally thought, the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes
