======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 we will do anything to earn amercement – especially if that deed is a reference to an eternal recurrence. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might be noted that in the conception of freedom of will, every detail is accounted for as necessary. Likewise,  what is considered as necessary is egoistic! Therefore, the concept of self-deception is also used as part of the account of the 'free spirit’ in writing.

It is appropriate also to call attention to some of the often-overlooked aspects of the origin of the concept of cause and effect.  At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value in a world characterised by becoming, and thus by the critique of values mentioned above. A life that could be willed eternally would be the only possible remaining criterion of value – it would approximate being – and yet such an experience would also have to be understood as healthy and ascending. This is the ‘opposite ideal’ to the pessimistic or indeed nihilistic state.

<|endoftext|>

The phrase ‘to become who or what one is’ is an adaptation of a line from Pindar’s Second Pythian Ode. The individual is a ‘piece of fate’ meaning it cannot be fundamentally recast in the image of some external (i.e. moral) value. To do so would be a double betrayal of oneself, a deviation or distortion of the life one is, resulting in all kinds of physical or spiritual degeneration. Nor is it a question of choosing to shape oneself in any way – for the individual does not have that freedom of will. In some sense, then, the individual already is what it is, or at least is already pregnant with itself. Becoming oneself is a needing to get out of one’s way, not to try to find out about oneself, and not to struggle, while the ‘governing idea’ within one grows. This

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 we are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to, or hostile to, life. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ would belong to the ‘great health’.

<|endoftext|>

A traditional definition of consciousness is that part or function of us that not only thinks, feels, and acts but is aware of itself doing so and can reflect upon it. Because of that awareness, consciousness also implies the ability to will its thinking, acting and even to some extent, its feeling. Accordingly, consciousness is our critique of will and our evaluation of the human subject as a causal agent so that the emphasis placed on consciousness within modern thought (Descartes, Kant, and German Idealism) is an enormous error. Leibniz usually gets cited as an exception, since the latter posited unconscious Petite's feelings as an essential factor in human identity and motivation. Therefore, the human being is an ensemble of drives in competition with each other (i.e. will to power). These drives, their competition and any later effects are mostly unconscious (in the sense that they never enter consciousness). Or, if some do become conscious, they are transformed (by pre-existing values or perspectives) and thus what we are aware of is by no means an unmediated or even reliable source of data about ourselves ('the phenomenality of the inner world' ). For this reason, here, the psychological perspective is concerned with the observation of others, and not introspection so that consciousness is collective and not individual: only what is 'common' becomes.

On the other hand, some aspects look like a traditional view of consciousness as the becoming aware and taking charge of something. So, there is about no longer leaving culture and human development to chance, but consciously willing it - 'in us, this will to truth has come to a consciousness of itself as a problem'. Likewise,  what would be "beautiful" if contradiction had not first come to a consciousness of itself if the ugly had not first said to itself "I am ugly"?  Here, consciousness is not a goal in and of itself, but a means – namely a means of positing new ideals and the task of overcoming those errors that have become

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from the nobility of a narrowly perfected culture, as well as from the anti-culture of the historical sense. This historical sense is a kind of comprehensiveness but without discrimination, without
