======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 though, is there such a thing as 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to, or hostile to, life. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ would belong to the ‘great health’.

<|endoftext|>

A traditional definition of consciousness is that part or function of us that not only thinks, feels, and acts but is aware of itself doing so and can reflect upon it. Because of that awareness, consciousness also implies the ability to will its thinking, acting and even to some extent, its feeling. Accordingly, consciousness is our critique of will and our evaluation of the human subject as a causal agent so that the emphasis placed on consciousness within modern thought (Descartes, Kant, and German Idealism) is an enormous error. Leibniz usually gets cited as an exception, since the latter posited unconscious Petite's feelings as an essential factor in human identity and motivation. Therefore, the human being is an ensemble of drives in competition with each other (i.e. will to power). These drives, their competition and

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 though its aim or purpose is not also necessarily the enemy of but also the means of resistance.

<|endoftext|>

The term education has a broader meaning in culture and thus is also employed to express the process of cultivation. However, it is often used as equivalent to Rehang. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 though. 

<|endoftext|>

Ape primate as akin to the animal aspect of humans’ pre-dates Darwin; with Darwin thought arises the notion of a common evolutionary ancestor. The ape, then, is either an origin or disfigured mirror-image, of which we are ashamed. The ape is an imitator, unaware even of being an imitator, and which brings disrepute to the imitated. 

<|endoftext|>

Aphorisms is a brief, self-contained and striking piece of writing, usually gathered in sequences. Aphoristic writing was common in ancient literature and was employed by many authors. First, a random series of very brief sayings or epigrams, and second a series of longer pieces, each like a short study. There are a few added variations. Likewise, and regardless of the presence of an overarching theme to the series, aphorisms can speak to each other, as if they were short segments of a continuous piece of writing. 

The different rhythms of these various ways of writing and the different interpretative demands make on readers. The function of such writing as fully developed thoughts with either maximally compressed, or fragmentary, expression and an ‘immortal’ perfection of the form; aphorisms serve as a kind of test of readers; or an interpretative task set to readers, perhaps because the expression is deliberately incomplete. 

<|endoftext|>

Apollonian is named after the Greek God Apollo; this is one of three drives that it is a key to understanding cultural production and cultural change, from the ancient  Greek world on. The other two are Dionysian and Socratic. A  brief period in which the Apollonian and Dionysian work together produces ancient tragedy. The Apollonian is the origin of those cultural forms where beauty and clarity of form are emphasised (examples would be epic poetry, architecture, and sculpture), and the effects of calm or cheerfulness. Apollonian implicitly carries with it a metaphysical view concerning reality, that is, the belief that individual entities are ontologically original. Importantly, though, the Apollonian is also characterised by an awareness that these valued forms are an illusion to a Dionysian view of existence (a dream in which we are aware we are dreaming). Thus, the Apollonian should not be understood as a kind of self-deception or turning away from the real (that would be more akin to the Socratic). In his later work, the Apollonian is no longer thought of as a competing, brother drive to the Dionysian, but as a moment (of calm, stillness, beauty, image, etc.) within the latter. This is implicitly acknowledged that the ‘complete and authentic antagonism’ is between Homer and Plato: the former the deifier of life, the latter its ‘slanderer’.

<|endoftext|>

The fundamental characteristic of things as they appear to us, including ourselves and bodies, is their givenness as individual form. This is Schopenhauer’s principium individuationis and the veil of Maya. Schopenhauer, in turn, was trying to interpret Kant’s distinction between appearances and things-in-themselves and incorporate ideas from Eastern thought. ‘Behind’ appearances are the will, continually striving and becoming, without form. Here, an important distinction arises between two senses of appearance: appearance as a symbolic image in genuine art, versus appearance as mere copy, and thus as possibly deceptive. Socratic thought is the forgetting of the first possibility of occurrence,  and therefore also as the advent of a modern faith in science. This theme continues throughout his career and involves analyses of how that which merely appears is denigrated for some ‘beyond’ or ‘behind’.

Human feeling is from the ground up, a simplification of the world so that it appears as intelligible, predictable, available for human beings to use. The ultimate motive behind this is utility: without such interpretations, human beings could not survive. Moreover, different peoples interpret things according to their specific situation (e.g. climate, resources, their enemies). Thus, differences in understanding the world arise, in terms of what is valued (and what is approved or disapproved of morally).

Later, the notion of value becomes fundamental. If one rigorously rejects the hypothesis of a world, God or life that is somehow not here but ‘beyond’, then ultimately one also must rigorously refuse the notion of appearance itself. Appearance only makes sense to something ‘behind’ or ‘beyond’ it. The idea of appearance becomes transformed into the notion of perspective or interpretation. A world understood as will to power is neither something in-itself nor is its appearance but is perspectival
