======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 fragment of the will, to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield enhancement (for both parties). One reason struggle may not be productive is that it is not among equals: to war against an inferior is ignoble or shameful, to war against a superior is irreverent. Agon is productive, then, only if it recognises differences, rather than collapses them.

Thus, the concept of the agon is also part of 'modern ideas' such as equality, democracy or socialism. Similarly, tyranny is a monopoly of

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 fragment (i.e. can teach waking life how to allow healthy, life-affirming values to develop new ways of life. Likewise, a dream is again the moment of perfection and stillness that Zarathustra experiences after his frantic search for the origin of the 'cry of distress'. Here, the dream serves as a first reminder to Zarathustra that his pity may be leading him astray, and thus that his waking life has lost something. Sometimes, 'dream' or 'wakefulness' are used to quip a conventional sense of that modern Europe has overcome the 'nightmare' of Platonic thought and it can now sleep easy.

<|endoftext|>

Dühring is a German realist or materialist philosopher, who represents an attempt to revalue morally rejected effects, and he usually uses the term ressentiment to analyse the concept of justice. 

<|endoftext|>

In Kant, duty names a moral responsibility that is unconditional (i.e. without exceptions). The universal and absolute character of Kantian morality and its express independence from any other motives should be rejected. Through re-analysing the development of the concept of duty, the notion of duty is in a revalued manner, which might arise from the ideal of the philosophical mode of life that found in Schopenhauer. Likewise, the paradox of the thinker's duty to truth is worth to explore. The notion of duty is also used as part of the account of the 'free spirit' – and the very next section is about 'honesty'. This revaluation of duty results in the notion of a future duty as one way of characterising individual behaviours and the social structure as a whole, but one that is different for different levels of that structure, and which is founded upon the need for human life to grow and develop.

<|endoftext|>

In Northern European mythology and folklore, dwarves make a typical appearance as small supernatural creatures. Although the tales vary, dwarves tend to be characterized by their dwelling place (underground or in the mountains, and thus probably an association with death), occupation (industry and especially smiting), disposition (lust, greed, deviousness). Dwarves play a vital role in Wagner's Ring cycle. The symbol of 'dwarf' also involves the Greek god Hephaestus,  who shares many similar characteristics and is also lame.

There are two ways to use the image of a dwarf. First, more generally, as meaning a type of human who is ill, degenerate, or weak – or who is in some other form of little cultural significance. Second, more specifically, the 'spirit of gravity' is a 'dwarf'. This is both because the spirit of gravity is Zarathustra's internalization of the 'serious' values of the people (i.e. the dwarves in the first sense), and also in allusion to Wagner's narrative of the dwarf Alberici's curses – first of love and then of the possessor of the magic ring – that eventually brings about the downfall of heroes and gods alike.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of 'earth' has the same meaning as the stress of 'this world'. Thus, earth means the whole of the real, including human beings, stripped of any metaphysical additions and values. Earth is opposed to that which is supposed to be transcendent to earth, superior to or 'above' earth. In comparison to these, the earth is traditionally slandered as something lowly, dirty, illusory, dark, and fallen. 'Earth', with its more direct connections to mythology, connotes these values much more readily than 'world'. Because of its alignment to reality and life, the over human is the 'sense of the earth' and 'speaks from the heart of the earth'. Since the earth is associated with matter, the 'atom' is also called an 'earth-residue'. That is, the atom is the last hold-out of a metaphysical belief in material substance.

Sometimes, also, 'the earth' is used as the proper country or nation of human beings, ignoring historically specific nations and peoples. Thus, the over human as the 'sense of the earth' means dominion over the whole earth. Because of its global reach, Christianity has been able to make the earth a 'madhouse' while free spirits are taking on the task of the management of the earth as a whole.

<|endoftext|>

Ecce Homo is one of Nietzsche’s last works, written in 1888, but not published until 20 years later. It is an intellectual autobiography of infamous immodesty. The book falls into two parts. The first concerns are his way of living with a discussion of factors like diet and climate, and why these are vital. Then, the next two sections supply a book-by-book commentary

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 fragment of the latter is also pregnant with wisdom. This is a long and unbroken will has the condition of a specific historical event. This eternal recurrence is a series of longer pieces, each like a short study. There are a few added variations. 

The commonly used concept of recurrence is in the sense of a feature of certain instances of an underlying sickness. For example, a causal assault on a class is not always an underlying feature of that class. This notion of recurrence includes both as individuals but also as a whole. It is also used to characterize the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleverness or cleverness or cleverness+ess either throughout or in its opposite sense. cleverness is most often thought of as a characteristic of a specific type of life (art student, philosopher), and thus also as a characteristic of a particular specialization (manager, realist, etc.). The concept of cleverness also describes the discipline of logic that is supposed to have a creative aspect, but which is not so perv-

ified by the discipline of logic. Likewise, logic must be a 'triumphant artOREDC', since every step in becoming is an act of will. All that is transient is merely a continuum. Thus, while Apollonian art is a crucial example of the opportunities and the dangers of decadence, the pathos of distance is not. Likewise, the art of the inorganic is often misinterpreted as healing, as the type of psychological treatment of sickness. The relationship between cleverness and discipline is thus a crucial characteristic of it. Likewise, the relationship between cleverness and discipline are Socratic concepts. Likewise, the idea of cleverness is a crucial characteristic of the noble, part and parcel of which is the spirit. 

The concept of cleverness was a common practice across many discipline types by the mid-nineteenth century. The concept is useful to understand the concept:

The discipline of logic is, to a considerable degree influenced by the discipline of logic; likewise, the discipline of logic itself.

The concept of cleverness is an universal and evenCLUSIVE term; logic and thus the sinceRalph Waldo Emerson are considered as the pinnacle of human wisdom back in the eighteenth century. Emerson employed the phrase FRESH. 

"The Dance Song of Wagner is one of the greatest modern music pieces, especially since it uses the metaphor of a woman trying to make sense of stimuli through a retrospective ascription of causation. However, the real in Wagner is not unintelligible; it is an allusion to Wagner's A Treatise on the Drama of Tragedy, which is part of the Treatise of Tragedy. Thus, for example, philosophical concepts are governed or generated by the grammar. Likewise, the idea of culture is developed that involves writing and becomes a metaphor for the production of a new future.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its
