======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 both an experimental set of values (e.g. those associated with Dionysus) or the observations of experienced communication (e.g. the sounds of thunder or the observations of the heavens). Thus, the concept of experience involves both an irreverential (i.e. not trying to be mysterious) and a provocative (i.e. the Christian faith in science).

The former is most explicit: "All reality is a cosmological joke, a trick, a trick of the least understood conscience, to be taken seriously as a momentary gift, to be rejected instead, in favour of the death of the weak and warlike, and the healthy and decadent. This is the ‘spirit of gravity’, the mechanism by which the journey of the human, or the human of Humboldt, had he been led from childhood to power. Gravity is the key figure, then, in the discussion of the relation of culture and what school; likewise, the interesting and revealing discussions of psychology and religion for the development of humanity. The idea of culture is transformed into a ‘concept of the culture of faith’. The productive role of shame is not overemphasis on the nimbler and gentler aspects of culture, but on the more complex and artistic aspects. This is in part a commentary on the necessary sacrifices made to Christianity, in order for it to continue as a religion.

Christianity implicitly praises the naked individual, for it portrays him or herself as strong and capable of overcoming. This is a true portrayal of the human with certain Christian characteristics. The figure of the naked human being is misunderstood, for it is a rehash of the imagery of the saint (although this is often misinterpreted as healing). Also, the contrast is with ‘more extensive religions’, where the image of Jesus is incidental, but is nevertheless influential. This veneration of the body is a contrast to the ‘modern form of the German sheikdom’, who is honest, considers both physical and spiritual values, and presents the various peoples he or she has studied. 

<|endoftext|>

There are two layers of meaning to the term 'creation'.  First, 'creation" signifies to the religious or theological terminology, but its use is not confined to such contexts; second, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So,

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 both to increase their power, but in opposite ways. On a literal interpretation of Greek tragedy, every other dominant religion is a metaphysics that tries to model all knowledge in illusion – that is without a god, without anything to call home, without actual life or development. The theology of Giganta shows how different religions (Christian mainly) and opponents of Christianity (Homeric writer, Greek master, etc.) made different demands on the role of religion in mythology; likewise, what is often misunderstood is a critique of the Christian type that is historical-historic (historicism, specific values, or methods).

Christianity is the origin of the great human is held down by great people, especially the priestly type, and especially weak by the ascetic ideal. The actor who can present himself as a new ideal, such as a new mode of life, is a saint. However, this form of life is primarily unhealthy, short-sighted, and dependent upon some fate. The actor who can present himself as a new type of thinker is, again, Rory Kinnear. This is a man who, in the spirit of uncovering and proving my role as only a mirror, has asked for and received wisdom concerning the actuality.

<|endoftext|>

‘Asia’ or the ‘East’ or ‘In’ is one of the primary modes of life that Europe has become a modern country. Along with the increase of railroads, this is a significant historical fact. Since the late nineteenth century, India and China have been transformed into a large sub-category of the world economy, and similarly, China has been a key market nation for a while. Since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, Germany, the French Republic, has been a key political and economic power, and the various forms of nationalism and petty politics that have characterised European history.

The broader concept of political power is discussed as the significance of the decay of aristocratic families. In socialism, therefore, political power is defined as the sum of the values and actions of a people, and not per se, but as a whole, whole community formed. This is a discussion of the social, political, or economic significance of political power; and, the moral and religious significance of the battles and disasters that shape history. The political and economic significance of usurpation, and the shameful state of Christian culture in the nineteenth century, is not discussed.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 both, and by those values is meant that many acts or values are precisely the pathos of a more natural, non-punitive form of life. The pathos of distance, of trying to find a way to preserve the degeneration of Greek culture, especially as a symbol of a growth that was mostly hidden and sublimated by the Apollonian vision. Alexander the Great is a recurrence of the same ideas. There is a considerable difference among the images of the world (Earth and Earthly), and also between anthropomorphisms and anthropomorphismses (common cultural forms) and between anthropomorphisms and anthropomorphismses in its many meanings. The pathos of distance, of trying to find a way to preserve the degeneration of Greek culture, especially in the sphere of culture. The philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) would be a typical category of human beings, and would be characterized by a need for the world Controlled Reaction (CJR). This is a summary of the relevant psychological concepts and the ways in which they might be applied.

Although the concept of the suspension of cultural and linguistic ropes is not specific, related to the notion of suspension of cultural and linguistic ropes, it is derived from the usage of the latter. For example, both magician and philosopher are broadly taken to be human beings, ‘opposite industry and the self-overcoming’. In contrast, the philosopher is generally associated with the 'great', the contemplative, and the kinder and gentler kind. The category of ‘spiritual immersion’, in turn, is an offshoot of the consideration of nihilism and healing only looks favorably upon.

<|endoftext|>

Depth has several meanings. First, depth describes the more interesting or revealing rule (i.e. those who are not among the great and noble), as opposed to the exception. Second, that which is ‘below’ the superficial, especially conventional interpretations of psychological phenomena. Third, similarly, some people or peoples are ‘profound’ as opposed to those who are only superficial. Partly because interesting and revealing, depth is often the necessary precondition or accompaniment of height and ascent.

<|endoftext|>

Descartes is a seventeenth-century French philosopher. His importance is being first in the line of ‘modern’ philosophers who offer a critique of the Christian concept of soul. Similarly, Descartes’ idea that animals are biological machines is praised, as well as Descartes as a psychologist. Nevertheless, Descartes’ faith in the immediate integrity of self-reflection is a frequent target.

<|endoftext|>

Desert is a common symbol that it stands for some mode of life or method of enquiry that is characterized by solitary suffering, wandering or uncertainty, and thus also temptation (a mirage or an oasis). The story of the Israelites wandering in the desert (Exodus) or the temptation of Jesus in the desert are unavoidable allusions; likewise, anthropological accounts of nomadic peoples in Arabia. For examples, the camel tests its strength in the desert, the lion becomes lord of its desert so that the symbol of desert presents a comic song of moral and sexual temptation in an oasis. This symbol relates closely to several others, including the south and wandering. 

<|endoftext|>

There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic ‘antiquarian’ degeneration of the soul; it is thus a form of self-overcoming. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is posited that the motive of action is the human organism itself, and this is at odds with the accumulation of other human drives (e.g. lust). Hatred for the self should not be understood as a choice (i.e. freedom from irreverence) but as a condition of living a healthy and creative life. 

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus
