======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nature of existence. The first concerns the conception of the destruction of society from outside of values, which is viewed as catastrophically broken. This is natural law. The second being primarily concerning the first, and primarily concerning is the overcoming of metaphysical and moral constraints.

To embody God in a way that he or she does not exist gives birth to a ‘God-man’, and ‘the other gods’ are eventually redeemed. For example, the act of worshipping is in some sense a reconciliation of their originality and innocence. Therefore, creating is also the concept taking on a life of its object. 

The third concerns are the defining features of the free spirit, the genuine being who is independent of any exterior or pretext. The first concerns are the second way: the goal is to make nature what it is – without any intrinsic costs – as opposed to the artificial and passive model. The first concerns the notion of the ego; the recognition of ego as the nature of a human is an essential step up in education. The second is that beginning at which point all egoistic efforts are foolish. The idea of statehood is in the context of the decadence of modernity. What were once the primary values of life are now the main vehicle for political, economic, or social meanings. The ageing and fragmentation of the human drive theologically is replaced by the concept of a 'god spirit'. This spirit is destroed when it Becomes Incarnate. God is evil because it is aurat (destroy), but good because it is aurat (presence). Both 'this' and the 'or its better nature' are used as the grounds for claiming that the 'true' God is in fact there 'god' who is 'clouded' by anything but helos or innocence. The claim is made that the flow of data from the concept of class to the state is a 'mood-rot' that does not in fact depend upon any kind of a god or a sense of superiority. That is, the data themselves do not have to be unjust; and, the universal and absolute character of data transform their object.

<|endoftext|>

In Christian thought, the amor fati is a philosopher of knowledge (spin), guided by veneration over data and data imitated (or lost) from the West. The data are thought as patterns of data that may or may not have a basis. The cameos of Luther in the notion of the ‘intellectual conscience’, which is associated with philosophy and was associated either with science or with metaphysics. The amoral conscience of Socrates is a product of his or her environment. Similarly, the amoral conscience of the decadent French Reformation is a product of the dissimulation of Christianity. Specific drives of the ascetic ideal are ‘appropriate into your existence’. The data of the data thinker include the data of the data thinker – always a ‘dangerous cross’ between ‘inspiration’ and ‘adaptation’.

Similarly, the data person is a ‘dangerous contrast’, between some of the highest and the lowest: the data thinker is the type of human being who can calmly and joyfully ‘transcend’ itself.

However, the thinker may be able to have both an ‘opposite ideal’ and an entirely different orientation to the data, because of the difficulty in seeing egoism as something straightforward and direct. Moreover, the thinker may be able to see work in the making: the ego needs work. Similarly, the thinker may be able to see beyond himself; the devil may not be found innocent, but rather must be apprehended. This possibility is not found, therefore, in the ideal of the ‘self-overcoming’.

However, the devil may also be added to the obvious image of and as being observers over the whole of life, one that is not just an appearance, but also a mode of life. This is another essential aspect. Likewise, the devil may be haddell ‘Sadness’ in appearance – that is, the overlaid images of things, primarily by accident and based upon chance. Similarly, the abyss has no genesis other than that which is by chance and dependent upon it, and which is by chance itself an inevitable consequence. The set of elements that is ‘autumn’ includes the abyss, but the whole are not necessarily ‘opposite  Yin’s ability to crush creation.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in our lives as its condition. Therefore, the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 nature, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power. Moreover, the notion of will here (the ego wills actions in its interest) is no less mistaken. Therefore, there are neither egoistic nor unegoistic acts. 

<|endoftext|>

Ralph Waldo Emerson was an influential American essayist and poet of the mid-nineteenth century. Emerson has a conception of the human relation to nature that is different from Schopenhauer, involving alignment to or identification with nature, and including a definite spiritual element: ‘The happiest man is he who has eternal soul’. Emerson, in his description of the solitary and exceptional human who believes in his own thought, also gives an element in the concept

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 nature on a continuum - that is, on the one hand, an affirmation concerning ourselves and our values (i.e. a belief in the essential unity of things and a striving for the perfection of their forms and the laws of the visible world). On the other hand, a certain arrogance or over-abundance (i.e. unintelligible) in the level of significance or power. Thus, for example, the ascetic struggles to great effect against the baggage of degeneration. 

<|endoftext|>

'The Great' King of Macedonia and famously conqueror of the known world from Greece east to India by the age of 32. Alexander gave Greek culture throughout the ancient world and brought Eastern culture West. When, 'Alexandrian' culture is a reference to wide dissemination, but also the attendant, Socratic turn of cultural scholarship to the mere accumulation of information (symbolised by the library at Alexandria). Thus, what are needed now are a series of 'anti-Alexanders' who concentrate and purify. Alexander is already a caricature of early Greek civilisation, exaggerated and simplified, although still displaying their deep-rooted cruelty ('Homer’s Contest’). The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘formula for greatness’. My love or gratitude comes from the fact that this fate produces me and does so as being capable of affirming myself and capable of having a creative role in the
