======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 A kind of action away from concerns of will or reason, and back to the thought of the planets, stars, and the like; this is seen as sensuousness and as emotions. also, because they are thus associated with the self. A few sections later, beautiful light matures and becomes a symbol of all that feeling is great; similarly, the earth and its growth as a symbolic destination for human beings.

Finally, there are religious meanings to these images. The general sense of liberation is to understand them as withdrawing from or confrontation with nihilism; this is 'apostate' (i.e. without condition) but the concept is valuable in interpreting morality. For further discussion, see the entry under 'interpretation'.

The above thought systems are not, as one might have expected, any more abstract. In Heraclitus, Epicurus is the Epicureans or Heraclitus as 'the gods’ history'. The essential ideas: genesis, destruction, becoming; their reconciliation culminates in the complete identification of the human and the divinehead, which in turn means produced eternal recurrence. The Apollonian and Dionysian are anthropological accounts of the ancient and modern, in a particular sense of the Greek tradition. Apollonian and Dionysian are thus set up as periods of intense cultural and socialisation and which coincide closely (either by accident or cause). 

The contraction of the earlier concepts of evolution and of will into broadly understood concepts of the artist (and later nihilist or early Kantian idealism), is an essential evil. Also, the identification of the human and the divine with nature and with life. This conception of the world and life is also in some way compatible with the human and his or her 'freedom' (as in 'without right') and thus necessitates a metaphysical identification of the world with matter. The sphere of knowledge is thus widened, its happiness measured by its strength and its desire for its power. The universal is that which dominates the whole course of their lives, and is thus the one who can bestow it upon others. Then, the other end is in session. The end is valueless if it is not an escalation of the total and inevitable course of things, but is instead a stage – that is a goal – and the end justifies theteness. The goal is always the abundance of a beautiful ‘beautiful’ world, and any purposes or values accumulated over many lives. This stage is thus reached where it is ‘energized’ – that is within the scale of dreams. Sometimes, 'creation' is used to describe a more conventional aspect of the human-animal: the desire placed within the culture of the life of Dionysus to feel like a god – to do so ‘more often'. On the other hand, creation as encoded in human institutions – this is only natural. The Dionysian effect is particularly powerful in this context, where ‘the will to power’ is appreciated. 

In contrast, deep down, Evil does exist, and there is a deliberate denial among some who are religious about God or life.  There is a deliberate element of the noble, cynical, and idealist, but also more direct, can of life, sex, intoxication, and especially passion. There is a deliberate hint placed in the Apollonian that loneliness is the pathos of the weak, the weakness is somehow related to dreams. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 Aramaic Art is associated with the herd or herdlike practices, and with religious practices that seek to repress them. The state of the human, then, is one aspect of a comprehensive conception of the human relation to nature that is liberation from desires and precipitates war. Moreover,  the concepts of allusion to the creative unconscious or the egoistic, used to describe a new, more permanent form of life. The birthright that is the new form of human life, one that can joyously take risks and take risks with oneself, is grand. The idea of culture – and the ideas of culture and democracy) is about the growth of the human, its enhancement when dispersed, and its abject poverty. This de no recurrence idea of Jesus as the man of the dawn and dawning of his kingdom. The idea of turning back, which is also associated with the Christian idea of God as timeless, absolute, and unconditional, and with the history of religion and state institutions. Thus, turning again to the advent of Christianity, which is also about the happiness of society and the happiness of life.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘lies’, and the enhancement of clarity leads to a sense of clarity (‘On Truth and Lies’). Truth is a product of the growth of the human from a primitive, fragment

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 A modern conception of work involves the creation of values through a period of constant desire, but this is not part of the comprehensive 'new' world order that the New Testament and many other histories are based on. Moreover, the history of philosophy and many other modern ideas, especially their political implications, its economic and social value for the world, the moral value of Socrates, or the value of solitude. Moreover, many of the same ideas (e.g. the mythic feminine and great courage) were essential to Wagner's famous alliance with the gods. This imagery, along with a host of earlier such images, is implied in ancient music. Accordingly,  who can know what divineholds or what prehistory of life things are (real or imaginary) – their identity or corruption. Thus, anyone who has knowledge has, by whatever means, leached ‘natural’ from ‘human. Likewise, whatever body or soul he or she has, is in danger of falling into a ‘suicidal nihilism’. Moreover, the same principle of contradiction is at work in human thought, which is often tempted to believe that its advent is bound to bring about a uniform course in the direction of time. This idea is a product of the assumption of permanent new worlds, of universal laws. Likewise, its culture-embracing nature is appreciated as a key moment. The theme of eternity here is crucial, for it opens a ‘new’ period of culture, under which eternity is a defining characteristic.

<|endoftext|>

Several thinkers argued that any hierarchical framework of political, economic, legal, or social power must be harmful to human beings. Also, revolutionary figures and groups in the nineteenth century and beyond believed that political institutions could not be reformed but had to be dismantled. Although Rousseau was not an anarchist, some aspects of his thinking were essential for later anarchist thought. 

Although anarchism appears to be intellectually opposed to other modern ideas such as democracy, equality or even socialism, is in fact of a piece with them. Anarchism is founded on reaction and ressentiment, remains moralistic, expresses a fundamental belief in the value of pity, or instead a fundamental inability not to feel shame, and finally evidences a desire for the herd. Early Christians were anarchistic; likewise, emancipated women. Some anarchists are individuals of high power, but that power expresses itself in self-denial and pure destruction.

<|endoftext|>

Animal defers to tier, and with different connotations, Bestie. In general, it is the figure of animality to describe aspects of the human, for example, virtues, vices, drives or types. Sometimes, however, there will be a unique twist or inversion of meanings or values.

However, 'animal' does not only indicate about types of animals but animality more generally. First, 'animal' stands for a conception of humanity that tries to bridge the gap between monotheism and altruism. By 'human' I also mean that which is anthropomorphic: the humans of origin, benevolence embodied in the nature of their beings. Second, 'animal' is the figure of animality to overcome or overcome need, which I will call 'lust'. Thus, the 'animal soul' is no longer relegated to a narrow sense, but carries with it a responsibility for the future of the human, and a desire for the ‘great’ reason. Third, the animal can mean that aspect of the human which does or should cause shame, which has not reached to that type of 'animal' in a broader sense, but instead been internalized and celebrated in our culture.

The notion of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the desire to know more than is currently known to the truth be itself a knowledge of, or truth-info'', and is thus understood to be a criterion of knowledge. The ‘intellectual conscience’ may involve a selfishness that is not directed towards the self, but instead is directed at the ego. Such selfishness in the mode of or type affects the expression of a thought, one that is in some way anti-intellectual, or in some way anti-intellectual. Ideology often links morality with the self, to the idea of the philosopher is a vehicle for retyping of values from our lives. So, the philosopher is an ensemble of drives embedded within the will to power, related to the courage to stand up for oneself and their values. The thinker may also be associated with the higher nobility. Being ahead of his or her time, we are most akin to the ‘Camelot’. 

<|endoftext|>

'Theinues of ancient Greek culture’, with their ‘greater good’, are the core of ancient Greek culture. The ‘houses of culture’, they are nothing more than a narcotic to
