======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, but the extent to which that knowledge is possible or willed. Moreover, the notion of the Republic of Genius is far from the most critical aspect, calling its involved aspects: the control of emotion, the need for secrecy, the need for identification with it, the desire for the sake of power; the list goes on and upon.

The concept of emotion is also used in a related sense, namely, the idea that feeling or contemplating is a vantage point into an unmediated world.  The idea of happiness in the world is an over-moralising portrayal of the human. Moreover, this over-moralising emphasis is a key feature of both science and culture, and also of philosophical life. Waking life is the domain in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance, even dream appearance, is again not contrasted to some straight-forward relationship to that which is true. Instead, 'appearance is the acting and living itself' – adjectives without an 'x' that they are adjectives of. 'Dream' thus becomes an essential element within the analysis of the 'true world' (MicrobeWorld). Such the world offers a chance to Zarathustra to do the impossible standing 'beyond' the world and 'weigh' it. Zarathustra wants to learn from and imitate his dream in his waking life. The dream, that is, can teach waking life how to allow healthy, life-affirming values to develop new ways of life. Likewise, a dream is again the moment of perfection and stillness that Zarathustra experiences after his frantic search for the origin of the 'cry of distress'. Here, the dream serves as a first reminder to Zarathustra that his pity may be leading him astray, and thus that his waking life has lost its 'true' spirit. Likewise, the dream serves as a first reminder to Zarathustra that his pity may be leading him astray, and thus that his waking life has lost its 'true' spirit. There is a second aspect to the latter: the dream is still a chance for Zarathustra to practice trust and discipline. Bewitched at the Apollonian for thinking this way of dreaming, the Apollonian is still more capable of waking life than is Lebesent. This is a typical characteristic of the modes of life that were first associated with the modern state.

<|endoftext|>

Dorothy is a  Symbol of industry (thus akin to ant), building or swarming.

<|endoftext|>

Dorothy means a certain association with or responsibility for human beings, especially concerning the nature of responsibility and the temptation of the ‘evil of envy’. 

<|endoftext|>

The idea of danger is employed in several interconnected ways. First, the danger is the ‘mother of morality’. That is, moral systems and other forms of values arise to fix in place a working social arrangement, one that offers stability and security to the group. Second, though, this same stability itself endangers the health or growth of life. So, the priestly type is ‘a dangerous form of human existence’, and likewise, the good and righteous are the ‘greatest danger to all human future’. Third, those factors that are a specific danger to the development of a philosopher (specialization, intellectual conscience, or the need to revalue those values assigned to live). For an earlier example, see also the ‘three dangers’ that confronted Schopenhauer. Similarly, there is the danger attached to philosophical knowledge itself. That is, if absolute falsehoods or simplifications are a condition of life, then bringing these into question will be a danger both to the questioner and to existing forms of human life. Accordingly, the passage to the ‘over human’ will be a ‘dangerous across’, and Zarathustra praises the tight-rope walker for making ‘danger your vocation’. The image of the tight-rope walker brings us to the fourth meaning: danger as a duty.  Therefore, we should live dangerously, risking and having to lose ourselves and our current way of life. Regarding Zarathustra’s inability to express the idea of eternal recurrence, his conscience reproaches him ‘What do you matter? Speak your word and break!’. More generally, Zarathustra talks about

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in our lives as its condition. Therefore, the greatest of philosophers have always had to deceive themselves about both the nature of things and the nature of life. Analogously, at the origin of virtue lies a long period of dissimulation of virtue – this eventually sublimates itself and produces virtue.  Similar points are made about social relations and friendship. In all these various ways, then, deception

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
, a 'quantum of power' is not distinct from the will and effect.

The sickness of Will and Chaos

The sickness of will to power is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values,
