======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 all the features of the human type from the historical sense; this also means that the primary distinction among aesthetic categories is not between beauty and sublimity (Homeric epic is a relevant category within the Apollonian), but between both together and a third: the Dionysian effect that rightly belongs to music. Beauty is a late innovation, masking the shudder in the presence of the divine. 

Beauty has a decisive relationship to knowledge. Nothing is beautiful, but only because it is known; likewise, the origin of beauty may be ugliness coming to an awareness of itself. Because knowledge always involves projection of human values onto its object, and could only be knowledge of being, it is thus an illusion. The portrayal of expertise, as far as it must involve a metaphysical error, is beautiful; and the progress of knowledge is the transformation of the ugly into the beautiful. Philosophical reflection in terms of procreation and childbirth: the philosopher is pregnant with wisdom and requires a beautiful soul (Socrates) as midwife to bring this wisdom to term. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates the lack of a profound contrast to the sublime as conventionally thought, the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 all, there is a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as generally applicable (i.e. to humanity as a whole), as a primary effect associated with our individual philosophical development, and as productive to the future of the human. An important passage is ‘On the despisers of the body’. The argument is that these despisers’ despising is worthy of respect. However, they are still in a sense intellectual revolutions, and not revolutions as types of animals. Also, the notion of human drives as the enemy of the spirit is a neo- Kantian notion.About the most famous and cited passages from the Bible are as follows. First, it is repeated that all the world is a ‘piece of fate’ meaning that nothing is trivialised, but the sum of chance and human-made things that are encountered in the world. This is the ‘great despising’ of the body. Second, it is again again the beginning of the simplifying operation of morality. That is, the moral system that makes up human nature is a product of the action of a long period of development. Third, it is again the moment of perfection when the real becomes a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. The meaning of the Greek term askesis is 'household'.

<|endoftext|>

A modern conception of space means the vast, mostly empty and cold distances between stars or planets – an excellent symbolic vehicle for his notions of the pathos of distance (‘too distant star’), the infrequent appearance of greatness, nobility, friendship, solitude (the image of the star emitting light into the darkness, also notice the allusion to solar flares) or untimeliness (‘the light of the stars needs time’ ). Likewise, it serves to convey the cosmic insignificance of human beings and even the chaotic nature of reality overall. Similarly, also the methods of astronomy are employed: not seeing the stars as ‘above you’ – that is not transcendent in nature.

 <|endoftext|>

In its primary sense, atheism is the positive assertion of the non- existence of anything like a god. To be sure, nothing like a god exists as either an independent physical or a transcendent entity. If gods are symbolic expressions of human ideals, however, then atheism in this essential sense is changed by the commitment to the Dionysian model.

Abandoning a belief in a transcendent God is a step forward culturally. However, in general, the issue of a god’s existence is far from the most critical aspect. More important are questions like the following: (i) what does the need to posit a god’s existence say about the believer?  (ii) What does atheistic questioning say about the metaphysical commitments of the questioner? So, for example, atheism ‘today’ stays in the tradition of the ascetic ideal. Likewise, the hidden implication of theism with science, language or morality means that unbelief is often blind to its causes and consequences. (iii) What ideals are posited in a belief, or despite a lack of faith, in a god? The arising of a Christian idea of God is discussed, as far as Christianity is not the function of the survival, much less the growth, of a people. Moreover, Christianity is not just atheism, nor just any theism, and therefore atheism is not necessarily anti-Christian. Nineteenth-century English moral philosophy, for example, stays Christian even if it rejects theism.

<|endoftext|>

Atomism is a theory of nature that posits as the ultimate constituent parts of nature small, indivisible particles that move, collide, and combine in space. The argument begins with Democritus and becomes an integral part of Epicureanism.  It is revived in the early modern period as the basis of many philosophical materialisms and mechanistic accounts of physics. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, atomism received a boost because of the success of the science of chemistry, and likewise its role in models of thermodynamics. As a comprehensive account of nature, atomism always had specific weaknesses, such as its difficulty in understanding the action at a distance that is gravity or magnetism, the often wave-like properties of light, and the whiff of metaphysics that hangs around concepts like indivisibility, indestructibility or pure substance

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 all the attendant, often-overlooked aspects of tragedy, including the plays and lyric poetry, is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous opinion’. This does not mean conceiving of one’s character and opinions as somehow arbitrary or disorderly, nor being an ‘apostate’ of the free spirit. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore, people of ‘strong character’ are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to be useful to their community. The genuinely more energetic spirit, however, will ‘give style’ to their character, force it under one ‘taste’, and indeed take pleasure in this self-imposed law. Likewise, higher spirits of this type will create a ‘role’ – a simplified version of themselves – as an instrument of communication or rule.

<|endoftext|>

Cheerfulness, most often, but the concept shades into other words that might otherwise be interpreted as happiness or joyfulness. Optimism cannot be a consequence of a lack of awareness of pain, cruelty or destructiveness – because this was the people that invented tragedy and celebrated the wisdom of Silenus – nor could it be a consequence of ‘unendangered ease and comfort’, or pure sensuality, because then philosophy would never have arisen. Instead, this cheerfulness or serenity arises because of the healing effects of Apollonian beauty. Because on its terms the immersion into the Dionysian is experienced as ‘the eternal lust and delight of existence’. That is to say, the Greeks were much more aware of the true nature of existence than we moderns but had developed a culture in which reality is justified as an aesthetic phenomenon. This degenerates after the death of tragedy into the ‘cheerfulness of slaves’ without responsibility.

There are three meanings in cheerfulness. First, cheerfulness as blissful ignorance; second, cheerfulness as a disguise, a way of appearing to be different from, and be misunderstood by, others. Third, and most importantly, cheerfulness is part of the ideal of a new form of life that does not suffer from the defining features of modern
