======== SAMPLE 1 ========
) to these various ways of interpreting eternal recurrence. Either it is a metaphysical/cosmological claim concerning reality; or it is a test of – or element within – the highest affirmation of life. On the first of these interpretations, the whole of the real exhibits only so many combinations, which are interlinked and follow in a definite order. Thus, in infinite time, the real must repeat itself in a vast ‘year’. On each cycle, the same entities and events occur.  

The second interpretation is more important, not least because, on its own, the first is irrelevant to human values or behaviours. To affirm eternal recurrence means to exist in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love. To be sure, in illustrating the thought of eternal recurrence, it may be necessary to talk about circles of time, endless repetitions and so forth. However, this is necessary only as a first stage and is not the core of the thought.

<|endoftext|>

In Christian thought, and much of European metaphysics, 'eternity' is a transcendent feature of the divine to the created, or of the genuinely real to mere appearance. It means either timeless or time itself without end. In either case, eternity relies upon opposition to the transient, becoming the character of appearances and the finite nature

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
) in view of the pathos of distance (‘too distant star’), the infrequent appearance of greatness, nobility, friendship, solitude (the image of the star emitting light into the darkness, also notice the allusion to solar flares) or untimeliness (‘the light of the stars needs time’ ). Likewise, it serves to convey the cosmic insignificance of human beings and even the chaotic nature of reality overall. Similarly, also the methods of astronomy are employed: not seeing the stars as ‘above you’ – that is not transcendent in nature.

 <|endoftext|>

In its primary sense, atheism is the positive assertion of the non- existence of anything like a god. To be sure, nothing like a god exists as either an independent physical or a transcendent entity. If gods are symbolic expressions of human ideals, however, then atheism in this essential sense is changed by the commitment to the Dionysian model.

Abandoning a belief in a transcendent God is a step forward culturally. However, in general, the issue of a god’s existence is far from the most critical aspect. More important are questions like the following: (i) what does the need to posit a god’s existence say about the believer?  (ii) What does atheistic questioning say about the metaphysical commitments of the questioner? So, for example, atheism ‘today’ stays in the tradition of the ascetic ideal. Likewise, the hidden implication of theism with science, language or morality means that unbelief is often blind to its causes and consequences. (iii) What ideals are posited in a belief, or despite a lack of faith, in a god? The arising of a Christian idea of God is discussed, as far as Christianity is not the function of the survival, much less the growth, of a people. Moreover, Christianity is not just atheism, nor just any theism, and therefore atheism is not necessarily anti-Christian. Nineteenth-century English moral philosophy, for example, stays Christian even if it rejects theism.

<|endoftext|>

Atomism is a theory of nature that posits as the ultimate constituent parts of nature small, indivisible particles that move, collide, and combine in space. The argument begins with Democritus and becomes an integral part of Epicureanism.  It is revived in the early modern period as the basis of many philosophical materialisms and mechanistic accounts of physics. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, atomism received a boost because of the success of the science of chemistry, and likewise its role in models of thermodynamics. As a comprehensive account of nature, atomism always had specific weaknesses, such as its difficulty in understanding the action at a distance that is gravity or magnetism, the often wave-like properties of light, and the whiff of metaphysics that hangs around concepts like indivisibility, indestructibility or pure substance.

Atomism has several roots. First, it is from the concept by the eighteenth-century physicist Boscovich - the effect of matter based upon forces – that is, without requiring an underlying positing of matter. Second, a Neo- Kantian (and Schopenhauerian) critique of the nature of matter considered as a large thing-in-itself (i.e. to say, an attack on the notion of permanence). Third, the claim that atoms are a hypostatisation of a specific illegitimate concept of the separability and separate identifiability of cause and effect, which is a psychological concept. Fourth, and closely related, the atom is a projection into the inorganic of a metaphysical conception of the self or soul understood as the subject of its effects or experiences, and initiator of its actions and this conception itself may arise from the linguistic habit. The metaphysical question of whether atoms are real is supplanted by the question of what lies behind the belief in atoms: namely a moral commitment to notions of stability, order, responsibility, and freedom.

<|endoftext|>

Considering Dionysian and Apollonian as primary cultural forms are the work of Bachofen, a Swiss anthropologist and legal historian. Bachofen is a prominent example of the attempt to read mythology as encoded history or anthropology. Bachofen in Mother Right assembled evidence for an original, matriarchal origin of human societies and institutions, one that was superseded by a transitional ‘Dionysian’ stage, and then an entirely patriarchal step that Bachofen called ‘Apollonian’. Apollonian and Dionysian are not the historical stages of culture, but as drives within all cultures. 

<|endoftext|>

Barbarism refers to the unintelligible sounds of non- Greek languages and thus effectively meaning ‘non-Greek’. Brutality also means

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
) is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield enhancement (for both parties). One reason struggle may not be productive is that it is not among equals: to war against an inferior is ignoble or shameful, to war against a superior is irreverent. Agon is productive, then, only if it recognises differences, rather than collapses them.

Thus, the concept of the agon is also part of 'modern ideas' such as equality, democracy or socialism. Similarly, tyranny is a monopoly of power that collapses power towards an individual—the struggle among agents within a social group. Struggle is also internal; however: since the individual self is formed of a multiplicity of drives, an agonistic 'society' is also found within the self. Thus, for example, the ascetic struggles to repress specific drives, or against enervation. 

<|endoftext|>

'The Great' King of Macedonia and famously conqueror of the known world from Greece east to India by the age of 32. Alexander gave Greek culture throughout the ancient world and brought Eastern culture West. When, 'Alexandrian' culture is a reference to wide dissemination, but also the attendant, Socratic turn of cultural scholarship to the mere accumulation of information (symbolised by the library at Alexandria). Thus, what are needed now are a series of 'anti-Alexanders' who concentrate and purify. Alexander is already a caricature of early Greek civilisation, exaggerated and simplified, although still displaying their deep-rooted cruelty ('Homer’s Contest’). The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s
