======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 following the human, who in this life is called a ‘hero’. However, the courageous type of thinker who is aware of the ‘cruelty of the intellectual conscience’, which does not simplify but insists upon multiplicity and perspective. Such courage is a form of self-overcoming. Zarathustra talks about those among his disciples who are too cowardly to change the direction of their willing and thus soon abandon him in favour of their contentment. Likewise, it is Zarathustra’s courage that tells the Spirit of Gravity to get off his back.

<|endoftext|>

Happy because unconcerned with past or future, or not stricken by heavy thoughts (here, chewing the cud means focused in the present moment, not prone to nausea). The cow is also patient and seeing, and thus a metaphor for reading and interpretation as an art lost in modernity; rumination means to consider and contemplate without hurry. The cow is trusting, not slighted by distance or change; warm and reassuring like a faithful companion. The cow is an essential religious symbol in many Eastern religions: the ‘voluntary beggar’, learning contentment from a herd of cows, is a portrait of Jesus as a displaced and misunderstood Eastern sage. The cow’s calm is a possible and worthy response to nihilism and the degeneration of humanity.

<|endoftext|>

There are two layers of meaning to the term 'creation'.  First, 'creation" signifies to the religious or theological terminology, but its use is not confined to such contexts; second, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 following the long impotence of Greek tragic poets, many of whom were genuinely interested in the values of humanity, and who did not suffer from a lack of faith in the value of pity. This pity comes from the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value in a world characterised by becoming, and thus by the critique of values mentioned above. A life that could be willed eternally would be the only possible remaining criterion of value – it would approximate being – and yet such an experience would also have to be understood as healthy and ascending. This is the ‘opposite ideal’ to the pessimistic or indeed nihilistic state.

<|endoftext|>

The phrase ‘to become who or what one is’ is an adaptation of a line from Pindar’s Second Pythian Ode. The individual is a ‘piece of fate’ meaning it cannot be fundamentally recast in the image of some external (i.e. moral) value. To do so would be a double betrayal of oneself, a deviation or distortion of the life one is, resulting in all kinds of physical or spiritual degeneration. Nor is it a question of choosing to shape oneself in any way – for the individual does not have that freedom of will. In some sense, then, the individual already is what it is, or at least is already pregnant with itself. Becoming oneself is a needing to get out of one’s way, not to try to find out about oneself, and not to struggle, while the ‘governing idea’ within

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 following events. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and
