======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to one whose animal kind is at least as ancient as the history of culture and which continues to this day. Particularly pertinent today is the idea of a common future, so that happiness and suffering are not precisely opposite acts. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in our lives as its condition. Therefore, the greatest of philosophers have always had to deceive themselves about both the nature of things and the nature of life. Moreover, the greatest of philosophers have to deceive themselves about the nature of things, in

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 to their state (for there is no growth or differentiation). Growth happens through conflict; knowledge denies that thing a primitive conscience and appoints it as the origin of truth. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘spirit of gravity’, meaning that gravity is defined as a particular capacity for will to power. This is often claimed but not again realized. Gravity is first understood in political writings, especially those in the context of the decisive battles of the 20th and 21st centuries. Prussia, with its tight-rope walk between culture and politics, had become the natural setting for a modern politician. Second, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, celebrated dominion over the land. Third, the real Zarathustra thought to create a future, one that was free of religion or magic, one that knew its objects and its limits. The concept of effect is also used to characterize the physics of reaction and its conjunction with architecture.

<|endoftext|>

Art can mean anything ‘made’, and not just the ‘fine’ arts. The category of ‘art’ covers the visual and musical arts most centrally, but also includes literature. The concept of art is also used in a broader sense, beyond its meaning as a particular cultural practice: thus, the necessary lies that are discussed in ‘On Truth and Lies’, and much later life’s healing instinct, are both termed ‘artistic’.

True art is both token and saviour of authentically unified culture – by way of discovery and employment of the myths that unify a people. Art is also the destination of post-Enlightenment critical science. In the first phase, everything revolves around tragedy, that art is the pinnacle of ancient Greek culture, as a mechanism for achieving insight into psychological and metaphysical realities and sees as the means of rehabilitation of modernity. Analyses of other genres, such as lyric poetry, epic, or modern opera, are all treated as contributing to the understanding of tragedy. Likewise, if art in modernity deviates from the Greek conception, it serves only as a narcotic, at best a temporary relief from the fragmentation of culture and art forms. This duality of real (Greek or tragic) art – and the broader culture that goes with it – and degenerate, modern art, is a central theme.

In the second phase, we find a sceptical or even damning view taken. The age of art is over, once and for all—art and science in a different opposition and order of priority.  Art is not a route to insight or knowledge, and indeed depends upon a certain ignorance or positing of metaphysical falsehoods. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 to 'spear' – that is, symbols of power, or symbols such as atom, nucleus or so. The latter is akin to a 'soul'. Likewise, fate is a symbolic system made possible by the states of the human organism. For example, the lions' renunciation is a consequence of the desire not to have accidents in life, and not to suffer them. In contrast, the lion is uninterested in life, and the earth is well protected from the human. The prophetic words ‘The days of loneliness are numbered!’ are precisely the reasons why a return to conventional religious faith in humanity will be a disaster, and that the task of religion is to bring about a cultural paralysis, ‘to make things work’.

The most famous usage of the phrase ‘toil and joy’ is in the expression on the part of philosophical duty or duty. When they talk about pity, they are using the latter term for the more general term of encouragement or aid in the management of sickness or ineligibility. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God
