======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 its critique of will. Analyses into other genres, such as lyric poetry, epic, or modern opera, are all treated as contributing to the understanding of tragedy. Likewise, if art in modernity deviates from the Greek conception, it serves only as a narcotic, at best a temporary relief from the fragmentation of culture and art forms. This duality of real (Greek or tragic) art – and the broader culture that goes with it – and degenerate, modern art, is a central theme.

In the second phase, we find a sceptical or even damning view taken. The age of art is over, once and for all—art and science in a different opposition and order of priority.  Art is not a route to insight or knowledge, and indeed depends upon a certain ignorance or positing of metaphysical falsehoods. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples, too; similarly, while talks about art without artists, by which means certain kinds of institutions (the idea is similar to how culture drives work through individuals).

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to humans in the flatlands; psychology must descend to depths not in the sense of being profound or fundamental, but in the spirit of investigating the most repellent cases and problems; and thinking pessimism to its depths might lead to the opposite, highest ideal. This is part of the concept of cycles. Also, ascent and height are relative in that one can look down, have things beneath one: height is a comprehensive view that is not abstract, and pride that is honest and not condescending. Again, though, every ascent must also lead to a going-under, lest height is a form of fleeing.

<|endoftext|>

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still is surreptitiously pervasive and influential in modernity. Key to asceticism is the setting up of a moral ideal that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 its 'sense.' Fifth, 'The Birth of Tragedy,' which does not appear in the original Greek, but is onlyusion to Greek tragedy. Here, the allegorical meaning is that the story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is allegory, but not also that of the free spirit.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an object that has a certain coherence on its terms (that it is imaginary, is not derived by or reaction against) but also has a set of values that it can beied from the viewpoint of the questioner. Thus, for example, the allegorical 'image of the cave' symbolises the restricted movement of things (e.g. matter), or the 'laws of nature' can be understood as drives within the total health of all things.

The same point is made about even the ‘rabble’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to declare the whole course of life in it becoming up to and through himself, says ‘The time has flowed past when accidents could still befall me’. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannotreturn to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except with sacrifice

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 its first acts as priest.  The idea are themselves abysses that they cause one to leave any solid intellectual or moral footing behind and thus represent danger. The idea of eternal recurrence is an 'abyss-deep thought', posing a threat of self-destruction; likewise, the thought of the death of God is such an abyss, or the temptation to pity and thus to the abandonment of one's ideals. When one investigates the void, the abyss looks back. Does one view the void with pride, are the abyss and one's summit as one? That is, can one see the recognition of the abyss and its affirmation as an achievement?

<|endoftext|>

An action considered on its own is Handlung; being active is tätig, as in 'the active person'. Whether my will or my actions are free; can they ever be egoistic; and what does it mean to subject them to universal rules. Action is only possible under the illusion of freedom, or through a deliberate ignorance, because knowledge kills action. All our actions live on through an endless chain of consequences and are thus eternalised.  'Action' develops the notion of the will to power, the concept of action is included under it: for example, neither the fact nor expectation of happiness (at least in an ordinary sense of this term) is at the ground of action; instead, the ground is an expression of and a feeling of power.  One reason for this is that noble morality is concerned with the value of human beings, a 'triumphant yes-saying to oneself', and not with the features of actions (neither their conformity to laws nor their utility).

The life of action and the life of contemplation are distinct. Thus, 'action' is important, of the deed; knowledge has meaning only if fulfilled in effect. Indeed, the very notion of a 'doer' distinct from any deed is nonsense related to ideas of substance; a 'quantum of power' is not distinct from the will and effect. It also follows that there is both an error and something ignoble in 'disowning' one's actions by feeling the pang of a guilty conscience. Actions are necessary expressions of identity; to feel guilt (the criminal who has become 'pale') is to apply external criteria based upon consequences, and to falsely imagine that one's identity is not what it is; a further aspect to this concept is the cultivation of the capacity to be responsible. Action has no necessary relation to our knowledge or beliefs. Active people do not act out of self-knowledge but act so as thereby to form a self. Only the doer learns. Both active and contemplative forms of life are necessary, in alternation within a single life. The comprehensive 'new philosopher', then, would be neither merely the person of action nor the contemplative person. The contemplative life in its best sense should not be understood as an escape, but as a choice made from understanding, as the proper mode of one's contribution to the growth of cultures. Indeed, such contemplation can be creative in a way that action cannot.

This creativity is to be distinguished from another: the resentment of the slave revolt is prevented from the straight-forward activity and thus becomes creative at the level of values; this is 'imaginary revenge'. This repressed or sublimated 'activity' is always only 'reaction', always beginning as the rejection of some external value. a 'yes-saying' or affirmative mode of life means a creative, positive action.

<|endoftext|>

In the evolution of the form of Greek tragedy the addition of actors to the original chorus is a symptom of an increasing lack of faith in, or misunderstanding, of the nature of tragedy; it is a move towards realism. Instead of allowing mythic figures to appear, the actor pretends to be them. Thus, much more generally 'actor' can be used as a term of abuse. The actor is a fake, one whose power and need to stand for something, not even having an identity in him or herself, and needed for others to need to watch them. The talent for acting is bred in certain classes or peoples by a requirement of constant adaptation. The actor may be the right conceptual model also for the 'artist'. Those who are called 'great' are often actors because they are incapable of willing greatness. 'Actors of the spirit' makes others believe he or she can envision great things and carrying out great action and demands an over-dramatic setting. The actor may look to transform what is around in his or her own (false) image. 

<|endoftext|>

Actuality often links with 'reality,' which refers to the reality of events or their results -such phenomenal reality;  and is also about the reality of things, objects, or materials - the real, underlying world. Actuality also is phenomenally real is that which acts or
