======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the most beautiful people in the whole of the real, including human beings, stripped of any metaphysical additions and values. Earth is opposed to that which is supposed to be transcendent to earth, superior to or 'above' earth. In comparison to these, the earth is traditionally slandered as something lowly, dirty, illusory, dark, and fallen. 'Earth', with its more direct connections to mythology, connotes these values much more readily than 'world'. Because of its alignment to reality and life, the over human is the 'sense of the earth' and 'speaks from the heart of the earth'. Since the earth is associated with matter, the 'atom' is also called an 'earth-residue'. That is, the atom is the last hold-out of a metaphysical belief in material substance.

Sometimes, also, 'the earth' is used as the proper country or nation of human beings, ignoring historically specific nations and peoples. Thus, the over human as the 'sense of the earth' means dominion over the whole earth. Because of its global reach, Christianity has been able to make the earth a 'madhouse' while free spirits are taking on the task of the management of the earth as a whole.

<|endoftext|>

Ecce Homo is one of Nietzsche’s last works, written in 1888, but not published until 20 years later. It is an intellectual autobiography of infamous immodesty. The book falls into two parts. The first concerns are his way of living with a discussion of factors like diet and climate, and why these are important. Then, the next two sections supply a book-by-book commentary on his work, and then a summary of what he considers its most tremendous significance, namely ‘the uncovering of Christian morality’.

<|endoftext|>

The literal meaning of the term 'economy' in Greek is 'household'. Economy is one of the most frequent concepts used to describe the interrelated, systematic nature of life (or, for example, the soul). It is suitable as far as both are dynamic and relational. That is, for example, an economy must involve both those who buy and sell; analogously, the system of life will have to apply both active and passive, weak and intense moments of will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The term education has a broader meaning in culture and thus is also employed to express the process of cultivation. However, it is often used as equivalent to Rehang. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another,

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 the world. This also means that the primary distinction among aesthetic categories is not between beauty and sublimity (Homeric epic is a relevant category within the Apollonian), but between both together and a third: the Dionysian effect that rightly belongs to music. Beauty is a late innovation, masking the shudder in the presence of the divine. 

Beauty has a decisive relationship to knowledge. Nothing is beautiful, but only because it is known; likewise, the origin of beauty may be ugliness coming to an awareness of itself. Because knowledge always involves projection of human values onto its object, and could only be knowledge of being, it is thus an illusion. The portrayal of expertise, as far as it must involve a metaphysical error, is beautiful; and the progress of knowledge is the transformation of the ugly into the beautiful. Philosophical reflection in terms of procreation and childbirth: the philosopher is pregnant with wisdom and requires a beautiful soul (Socrates) as midwife to bring this wisdom to term. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates the lack of a profound contrast to the sublime as conventionally thought, the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least,

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. Contrasted to higher culture is one based on various forms of physical or spiritual narcotization or making ill (the ‘madhouses of culture’). It is this lack of a future, a lack of awareness that there could or should be future possibilities, that causes deeply disturbing.

<|endoftext|>

In the beginning, Zarathustra calls himself ‘cunning’ when he refuses to reveal that he is using the honey as bait for the higher men. Such cunning, that is, has entered the philosopher’s ‘fishing tackle’ as serving his or her comprehensive responsibility for the development of humans into the future. This becomes explicit that where ‘perhaps’ cunning provides more favourable conditions than scholarship for the development of the philosopher – and again, the following section where cunning is the ‘kindness’ behind the mask. 

Cunning is also associated with the ability to find a way
