======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 which is to critique the vita contemplative thought.

<|endoftext|>

Dance is defined as a display of strength and agility, but one that is graceful, as if only a sign of still further reserves of strength and agility, which the description could also be of the noble. The ancient Greeks lived dancelike in this sense; dialogue in Sophocles has this character. Dance thus serves as an analogy for Dionysian insight apprehended calmly in an Apollonian vision; for the overcoming of shame in the healthy and beautiful body; likewise, for the conception of freedom of will as self-determination, taking leave of certainty and dancing beside the abyss – this notion should recall the tight rope ‘dancer’; and generally as the ideal of philosophy, which needs to be able to work with both science and art, accomplished in both but constrained by neither, even though this means an absolute inevitable scientific ignorance. German philosophers got criticised, for whom thinking is nothing like dancing, struggling without a ‘finger for nuance’. Wagner is found – and implicitly criticised – for moving music away from dance and its ideal of self-possession even amidst emotional enthusiasm.

Zarathustra walks like a dancer, a sign of the self-overcoming during his long sojourn in the mountains. ‘The Dance Song’ is explicitly there to advocate against the ‘spirit of gravity’, the enemy of anyone who would seek to overcome such burdens. In accord with this conception of dance, we have the famous lines ‘one must have chaos within one still to give birth to a dancing star’, and ‘I would only believe in a God who knew how to dance’. To the latter is contrasted the discontented God who created an ‘eternally imperfect’ world – that is a world characterised by illusion, suffering and dependence. Such a god suffers and, in revenge, wants to make suffering. The dancing god, on the other hand, is Dionysus. Both are projections of human ideals, but the latter is of a healthy form of human life and one aligned to the nature of life as will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The idea of danger is employed in several interconnected ways. First, the danger is the ‘mother of morality’. That is, moral systems and other forms of values arise to fix in place a working social arrangement, one that offers stability and security to the group. Second, though, this same stability itself endangers the health or growth of life. So, the priestly type is ‘a dangerous form of human existence’, and likewise, the good and righteous are the ‘greatest danger to all human future’. Third, those factors that are a specific danger to the development of a philosopher (specialization, intellectual conscience, or the need to revalue those values assigned to live). For an earlier example, see also the ‘three dangers’ that confronted Schopenhauer. Similarly, there is the danger attached to philosophical knowledge itself. That is, if absolute falsehoods or simplifications are a condition of life, then bringing these into question will be a danger both to the questioner and to existing forms of human life. Accordingly, the passage to the ‘over human’ will be a ‘dangerous across’, and Zarathustra praises the tight-rope walker for making ‘danger your vocation’. The image of the tight-rope walker brings us to the fourth meaning: danger as a duty.  Therefore, we should live dangerously, risking and having to lose ourselves and our current way of life. Regarding Zarathustra’s inability to express the idea of eternal recurrence, his conscience reproaches him ‘What do you matter? Speak your word and break!’. More generally, Zarathustra talks about courage and the seeking out of dangers as the main characteristic of the growth of the human.

<|endoftext|>

Daybreak is a subtle move away from the ‘positivism’ of Human, All Too Human. The book begins by returning to the origin of morality, though with a modified model that has more emphasis on evaluation and the drives as origins, and custom as mechanism. There is an extended discussion of early Christianity in this light. It then turns to contemporary moral practices and social institutions (marriage, education, etc.). By the end of the book, it offers exhortations to a new, and future, way of living and thinking.

<|endoftext|>

Francois de la Rochefoucauld is seventeenth-century French author, much admired by Nietzsche both for the aphoristic form of his Maxims as for the sceptical and even cynical psychological observations about human behaviour and moral values that they have.

<|end

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 which is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 which is more real and healthy is certainly the most obvious example of this. Kantian duty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. Contrasted to higher culture is one based on various forms of physical or spiritual narcotization or making ill (the ‘madhouses of culture’). It is this lack of a future, a lack of awareness that there could or should be future possibilities, that causes deeply disturbing.

<|endoftext|>

In the beginning, Zarathustra calls himself ‘cunning’ when he refuses to reveal that he is using the honey as bait for the higher men. Such cunning, that is, has entered the philosopher’s ‘fishing tackle’ as serving his or her comprehensive responsibility for the development of humans into the future. This becomes explicit that where ‘perhaps’ cunning provides more favourable conditions than scholarship for the development of the philosopher – and again, the following section where cunning is the ‘kindness’ behind the mask. 

Cunning is also
