======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 say there is no visible or comprehensible necessity and no repetition of events. Moreover, existence is characterized by chance in a grander sense: without overall or original purpose or meaning. Thus, even necessity has a chance-like character to it, since that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to interfere. The human must be liberated from chance as from priests; that is, freed from either a pessimistic assessment of human possibilities, from the endless diversion of the random and incidental, or from the rule of chance in human evolution.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 say the moral calls of gentleness and peace but combined with the question of whether the free spirit has the strength to say no to a tiger’s enormous and voracious appetites. This is both a liberation but also a crushing blow (for it means that the burden of creating and justifying values falls upon the human). Here, ‘death’ means old, weak, irrelevant, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to, or hostile to, life. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ would belong to the ‘great health’.

<|endoftext|>

A traditional definition of consciousness is that part or function of us that not only thinks, feels, and acts but is aware of itself doing so and can reflect upon it. Because of that awareness, consciousness also implies the ability to will its thinking, acting and even to some extent, its feeling. Accordingly, consciousness is our critique of will and our evaluation of the human subject as a causal agent so that the emphasis placed on consciousness within modern thought (Descartes, Kant, and German Idealism) is an enormous error. Leibniz usually gets cited as an exception, since the latter posited unconscious Petite's feelings as an essential factor in human identity and motivation. Therefore, the human being is an ensemble of drives in competition with each other (i.e. will to power). These drives, their competition and any later effects are mostly unconscious (in the sense that they never enter consciousness). Or, if some do become conscious, they are transformed (by pre-existing values or perspectives) and thus what we are aware of is by no means an unmediated or even reliable source of data about ourselves ('the phenomenality of the inner world' ). For this reason, here, the psychological perspective is concerned with the observation of others, and not introspection so that consciousness is collective and not individual: only what is 'common' becomes.

On the other hand, some aspects look like a traditional view of consciousness as the becoming aware and taking charge of something. So, there is about no longer leaving culture and human development to chance, but consciously willing it - 'in us, this will to truth has come to a consciousness of itself as a problem'. Likewise,  what would be "beautiful" if contradiction had not first come to a consciousness of itself if the ugly had not first said to itself "I am ugly"?  Here, consciousness is not a goal in and of itself, but a means – namely a means of positing new ideals and the task of overcoming those errors that have become instinctive in us. The development of consciousness is a way – albeit an enormously wasteful way – of trying to correct an organism that has gone wrong. Being conscious shows imperfection. The goal – even the purpose of knowledge itself – is not consciousness, but the rectification of the instincts. 

<|endoftext
