======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 virtue. This art drives the opposite way of (cultural) critique – into the (cultural) value of courage.

<|endoftext|>

Courage and bravery are an ancient virtue that we need to appreciate and revalue. Courage is the ability to stick firmly to life and the real, and not to borrow one’s beliefs and values from imaginary other worlds or modes of being. Likewise, it is courage not to manufacture one’s beliefs and values by a fearful negation of becoming, uncertainty and suffering, which are the conditions of life and the real. Such courage in the type is represented by Epictetus (the Stoic philosopher who had been a slave) and contrasts it with the Christian slave characterized by faith and hope in a different life. A few sections later, courage is proclaimed as a key ‘future virtue’: the arrogance to understand and not be afraid of the world. This courage is not dissimilar to generosity. Thus, the courageous type of thinker who is aware of the ‘cruelty of the intellectual conscience’, which does not simplify but insists upon multiplicity and perspective. Such courage is a form of self-overcoming. Zarathustra talks about those among his disciples who are too cowardly to change the direction of their willing and thus soon abandon him in favour of their contentment. Likewise, it is Zarathustra’s courage that tells the Spirit of Gravity to get off his back.

<|endoftext|>

Happy because unconcerned with past or future, or not stricken by heavy thoughts (here, chewing the cud means focused in the present moment, not prone to nausea). The cow is also patient and seeing, and thus a metaphor for reading and interpretation as an art lost in modernity; rumination means to consider and contemplate without hurry. The cow is trusting, not slighted by distance or change; warm and reassuring like a faithful companion. The cow is an essential religious symbol in many Eastern religions: the ‘voluntary beggar’, learning contentment from a herd of cows, is a portrait of Jesus as a displaced and misunderstood Eastern sage. The cow’s calm is a possible and worthy response to nihilism and the degeneration of humanity.

<|endoftext|>

There are two layers of meaning to the term 'creation'.  First, 'creation" signifies to the religious or theological terminology, but its use is not confined to such contexts; second, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 virtue) and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 virtue, which has redeeming values, but which exhibits an overall laxity like a sore thumb, and a great deal of self-overcoming. It is a reaction against the instincts of domination of the barbarian. The democratic mixing of races and cultures in Europe has led to a ‘semi-barbarism’, but this provides it also with its ‘historical sense’. Every higher culture begins because of the dominance of a ‘barbarian’ class, who are more natural, whole, animal and without impaired instincts.

<|endoftext|>

Barrel organ is a mechanical musical instrument and performs as a metaphor: music, repetition and without soul, is a culture without life, or something merely repeat without genuine understanding.

<|endoftext|>

Beauty is both a narrower and a more comprehensive concept: more restricted, because not all art has been beautiful as its aim or effect; more extensive, because not all that is met as beautiful is art. Beauty plays a role as the healing quality of the Apollonian illusion, which both protects us from but also allows some access to wisdom concerning the true nature of the world. This also means that the primary distinction among aesthetic categories is not between beauty and sublimity (Homeric epic is a relevant category within the Apollonian), but between both together and a third: the Dionysian effect that rightly belongs to music. Beauty is a late innovation, masking the shudder in the presence of the divine. 

Beauty has a decisive relationship to knowledge. Nothing is beautiful, but only because it is known; likewise, the origin of beauty may be ugliness coming to an awareness of itself. Because knowledge always involves projection of human values onto its object, and could only be knowledge of being, it is thus an illusion. The portrayal of expertise, as far as it must involve a metaphysical error, is beautiful; and the progress of knowledge is the transformation of the ugly into the beautiful. Philosophical reflection in terms of procreation and childbirth: the philosopher is pregnant with wisdom and requires a beautiful soul (Socrates) as midwife to bring this wisdom to term. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates the lack of a profound contrast to the sublime as conventionally thought, the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext
