======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ianism.

Second, Christianity is a frequent object of genealogical analysis – that is, a historical account of the origin and development of concepts, values, or practices. This way of thinking overlaps with the first, above.  Jesus is characterised as a kind of Buddhist, whose teachings were catastrophically misinterpreted by Paul. Paul’s notion of the impossibility of virtue and the need for revenge against the law. Here have various accounts of the origin of the concept of sin; similarly, the idea of debt or guilt when raised to its highest point, necessitated Christianity’s stroke of genius: The God sacrificed.

Third, it is about the positive contribution that Christianity – despite its explicit aims – has had. Christianity involves a powerful cultural drive to produce greatness in the form of the saint (although its association with the modern state corrupted this). Similarly, Christianity provided human beauty and refinement. In France, the Christian realized itself as the supreme human being – and thus also this is the place where high free spirits could arise since they needed ‘perfect opponents. Christianity has taught us moral scepticism. Christianity rescued the ancient world from its decadency, and in some way preserved it. Christian practices, including especially the ascetic, have produced an agile intellect capable of understanding perspective. Likewise, Christian values and institutions can now be understood as tools for the advantage of the higher nobility.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the impotence of 'City' can be found in 'antiquarian' history, which is associated with cities. Such account at best serves life only as preservation and not creation but, at worst, 'mummifies' life. The city is also associated with the 'mob'. It is thus a place where wisdom is all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of life.

<|endoftext|>

The terms ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
ian or Neoplatonic. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must be directed towards the self or the other, as if from an independent vantage point, than would be needed in a traditional sense. This is both a liberation from external perspectives (i.e. from Hera’s jealousy) and from Hera’s jealousy caused by the destruction of the Apollonian culture by Nymphs and Dionysus. The Dionysian is the origin of those cultural forms where beauty and clarity of form are emphasised (examples would be epic poetry, architecture, and sculpture), and the effects of calm or cheerfulness. Apollonian implicitly carries with it a metaphysical view concerning reality, that is, the belief that individual entities are ontologically original. Importantly, though, the Apollonian is also characterised by an awareness that these valued forms are an illusion to a Dionysian view of existence (a dream in which we are aware we are dreaming). Thus, the Apollonian should not be understood as a kind of self-deception or turning away from the real (that would be more akin to the Socratic). In his later work, the Apollonian is no longer thought of as a competing, brother drive to the Dionysian, but as a moment (of calm, stillness, beauty, image, etc.) within the latter. This is implicitly acknowledged that the ‘complete and authentic antagonism’ is between Homer and Plato: the former the deifier of life, the latter its ‘slanderer’.

<|endoftext|>

The fundamental characteristic of things as they appear to us, including ourselves and bodies, is their givenness as individual form. This is Schopenhauer’s principium individuationis and the veil of Maya. Schopenhauer, in turn, was trying to interpret Kant’s distinction between appearances and things-in-themselves and incorporate ideas from Eastern thought. ‘Behind’ appearances are the will, continually striving and becoming, without form. Here, an important distinction arises between two senses of appearance: appearance as a symbolic image in genuine art, versus appearance as mere copy, and thus as possibly deceptive. Socratic thought is the forgetting of the first possibility of occurrence,  and therefore also as the advent of a modern faith in science. This theme continues throughout his career and involves analyses of how that which merely appears is denigrated for some ‘beyond’ or ‘behind’.

Human feeling is from the ground up, a simplification of the world so that it appears as intelligible, predictable, available for human beings to use. The ultimate motive behind this is utility: without such interpretations, human beings could not survive. Moreover, different peoples interpret things according to their specific situation (e.g. climate, resources, their enemies). Thus, differences in understanding the world arise, in terms of what is valued (and what is approved or disapproved of morally).

Later, the notion of value becomes

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
ian.

<|endoftext|>

To comfort is to ease suffering, whether physical or spiritual. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from
