======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a typical characteristic of modernity, especially in Germany. It is the product of a democratic community. The point concerns distance; that is, a herd is defined not by numbers, or cleanliness in an ordinary sense, but by thinking, speaking, and acting as one, and by assuming equality (e.g. touching). This is unclean in a spiritual sense because it must involve falsifications or simplifications, passivity, and weakness, and because it leads to a stagnation of the human. Thus, what is unclean is ‘common’. Once a work has been produced (e.g. an act done, a book published) then it is in the collective sphere; if saw at all, it becomes universal. Nobility cannot be judged, then, by acts or works. Only a noble reserve, solitude and self-respect could keep its spiritual cleanliness.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of cleverness is on both a patient caution and on a subtle, hidden, and often inventive calculation bent upon reaping the rewards. The concept contrasts both with the ‘human of intuition’ in his or her abundance and beauty (‘On Truth and Lies’), with wisdom and with great foolishness. This cleverness, seen as a characteristic of modernity (regarding education, business or industry, scholarship and practical morality). 

Cleverness also describes those subtle tactics designed to influence moral feelings or keep religious practices or ideas. Likewise, it is priestly shrewdness that organized the weak into the herd by which the will to power is, in a small way, stimulated to life. Not all usages have these moral overtones, though. Cleverness lies at the origin or maintenance of the state and state institutions, and the agonistic institutions of Greece. Likewise, through the discipline of manners, a shrewdness even in the body can be cultivated. This cleverness is an element in those virtues that traces back to the animal.

Shrewdness is honoured both by the noble and by those of ressentiment but for different reasons. Only for the latter is it a condition of existence, of preservation. These notions of caution and ressentiment allow us to distinguish between the lower and higher concept of cleverness. 

<|endoftext|>

The closest things can be considered with "good neighbours'. While the philosophical tradition tends to chase after the prominent and most distant questions of existence, and particularly of other transcendent or ideal presences, we should pay attention to this world and life. Because of continuous becoming, not only are these big questions hopelessly unsolvable, but even the ways of life typical of only a few generations earlier may be old-fashioned. Therefore, philosophy needs to refocus on issues of health, mode of life, the small-scale sociology of friendships, the family and other interpersonal relations, the role of architecture, educational institutions, etc. These conditions must eventually have an impact upon a thought, and upon the ability of thought to be critical or creative with respect to values. This list very much includes the everyday things around us: for example, our daily habits, our diet, and where (e.g. climate, city, town, or country) and in what we live. 

<|endoftext|>

The cloud has no symbolic meaning. If the Dionysian has reappeared in modernity, then the Greek sense of the Apollonian must also have appeared. There the theatrical practice of disguising behind a ‘cloud’ the ropes and pulleys of stage apparatus alludes that things (such as gods or mythologies) are made to appear. This is known as the due’s ex Machina. However, this cloud is also an allusion to the Apollonian ‘cocooned itself away’; this cloud is also a cocoon. In addition, the cloud is that which obscures, or which is neither one thing nor another. The cloud is also, of course, the source of lightning either because it is elevated or because it is interpreted as fearful.

<|endoftext|>

To comfort is to ease suffering, whether physical or spiritual. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
s ‘sickness’ and ‘foolishness’ of narrowly understood philosophical tradition, and it is thus that the discipline of philology often fails (e.g. the ‘nonsense’ of analysis of substance). Likewise, as the history of science and modernity place emphasis on scientific achievement and the limits of mechanical or other means of producing values.

The idea of critique replaces by the concept of object validity. Pure observation is, therefore, a value and not a science. The critique of values also involves the critique of history. For example, some objects, even those that were initially supposed to be beneficial to the cause, are today considered as ‘brief objects of desire’—imaginary friendship. Such objects are not the objects of the desire but reality as a whole, and thus also as purposes. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a hatred of or independence from the instincts. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
s. ‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. Contrasted to higher culture is one based on various forms of physical or spiritual narcotization or making ill (the ‘madhouses of culture’). It is this lack of a future, a lack of awareness that there could or should be future possibilities, that causes deeply disturbing.

<|endoftext|>

In the beginning, Zarathustra calls himself ‘cunning’ when he refuses to reveal that he is using the honey as bait for the higher men. Such cunning, that is, has entered the philosopher’s ‘fishing tackle’ as serving his or her comprehensive responsibility for the development of humans into the future. This becomes explicit that where ‘perhaps’ cunning provides more favourable conditions than scholarship for the development of the philosopher – and again, the following section where cunning is the ‘kindness’ behind the mask. 

Cunning is also associated with the ability to find a way to preserve a diseased or decadent life. These two usages are not in contradiction but are a recognition of the often overlooked idea of the ‘irrational’ response to uncertainty, uncertainty and delight. The idea is that the creative longing for the otherness in the absence of certainty, necessity or providence, as if there were one within us, is found not in the pursuit of facts but in turning towards nihilism.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i
