======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 comprehensive account of the origin of virtue. The essential idea from Epicurus includes: first, liberation from irrational fears (e.g. of the gods) leading to a sense of tranquillity is the aim of the good life. In its extreme, this is a kind of self-hypnosis or deep sleep; similarly, liberation from desires extends beyond one’s capacity; third, liberation includes the ethical values of friendship and solitude; the last,  the gods are at least uninterested in human affairs, and indeed there is a hint in Epicurus that the gods are projections of human ethical values. In either case, it follows that the cosmos should be contemplated, but without fear, as chaotic and without purposes.

 <|endoftext|>

Epigone means that someone who believes that all great striving or achievement is behind him or her. This is a feeling about our contemporaries, victims of the historical sense.  

<|endoftext|>

This concept of equal or equality is employed to analyses about strong or weak powers and the political implications of powers in equilibrium. The essential use of equality is in discussing the moral/political notions associated with democracy or class. 

<|endoftext|>
Eternal recurrence (or ‘return’) is among the most famous and widely discussed concepts. There are two broad (and not mutually exclusive) ways of interpreting eternal recurrence. Either it is a metaphysical/cosmological claim concerning reality; or it is a test of – or element within – the highest affirmation of life. On the first of these interpretations, the whole of the real exhibits only so many combinations, which are interlinked and follow in a definite order. Thus, in infinite time, the real must repeat itself in a vast ‘year’. On each cycle, the same entities and events occur.  

The second interpretation is more important, not least because, on its own, the first is irrelevant to human values or behaviours. To affirm eternal recurrence means to exist in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (im

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 comprehensive analysis of the Apollonian concept of the ‘art of life’. Taking the questioning of morality seriously has, as a kind of reward, honesty, honesty – and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a typical characteristic of modernity, especially in Germany. It is the product of a democratic community. The point concerns distance; that is, a herd is defined not by numbers, or cleanliness in an ordinary sense, but by thinking, speaking, and acting as one, and by assuming equality (e.g. touching). This is unclean in a spiritual sense because it must involve falsifications or simplifications, passivity, and weakness, and because it leads to a stagnation of the human. Thus, what is unclean is ‘common’. Once a work has been produced (e.g. an act done, a book published) then it is in the collective sphere; if saw at all, it becomes universal. Nobility cannot be judged, then, by acts or works. Only a noble reserve, solitude and self-respect could keep its spiritual cleanliness.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of cleverness is on both a patient caution and on a subtle, hidden, and often inventive calculation bent upon reaping the rewards. The concept contrasts both with the ‘human of intuition’ in his or her abundance and beauty (‘On Truth and Lies’), with wisdom and with great foolish

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 comprehensive view of one aspect of the Christian concept of soul. Similarly, Descartes’ idea that animals are biological machines is praised, as well as Descartes as a psychologist. Nevertheless, Descartes’ faith in the immediate integrity of self-reflection is a frequent target.

<|endoftext|>

Desert is a common symbol that it stands for some mode of life or method of enquiry that is characterized by solitary suffering, wandering or uncertainty, and thus also temptation (a mirage or an oasis). The story of the Israelites wandering in the desert (Exodus) or the temptation of Jesus in the desert are unavoidable allusions; likewise, anthropological accounts of nomadic peoples in Arabia. For examples, the camel tests its strength in the desert, the lion becomes lord of its desert so that the symbol of desert presents a comic song of moral and sexual temptation in an oasis. This symbol relates closely to several others, including the south and wandering. 

<|endoftext|>

There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic 'need' of a lower kind: a narcotic to disguise one's discontentment. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is essential to be well disposed towards oneself to avoid one's actions being determined by reaction or ressentiment. Reverence for the self is thus a noble trait.

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus, the inversion of the ancient view that work is contemptible. Significantly, there has a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as necessarily provisional and confined to a narrow historical sense. An even more important idea is the idea that the ‘great despising’ is an necessary precondition or accompaniment of a broader future. The notion of ‘great despising’ becomes especially significant when one considers that the ‘hatred’ of the noble class is inescapable’. That is to say, the ‘hatred’ of the noble class is universalising, but the ‘despising’ of the class is also accompanied by a cultural paralysis. Such an impossible separation of the ‘classes’ must be founded in some fundamental underlying of values or values. These include ‘purpose’ or ‘despising’ about values (i.e. without exceptions, such as joy or desire of knowledge). On the other hand, there will be a drive for knowledge (or less knowledge, more and more study of the symptoms of sickness). Such a ‘despising’ will be directed at anything that has a pathos of transcendence (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the endless possibilities of beauty and beauty alone are not worthy of praises). Such a ‘despising’ will involve a rejection of specific causes or effects, the destruction of the ability to read philologically; in general, the battle against the dragon is a battle about a common enemy. To be sure, dragon class is not the primary characteristic of the human type; likewise, there are some types of the weak who are precisely the kind of human who is incapable of great thought or action. Also, the hatred of reality, however, must be rejected as also the overcoming of the mythic feminine in favour of a ‘role’ – that is, a chance spectacle of great human achievement. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ will be able to ‘declare itself against its
