======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a world without chance or without any origin. Thus, for example, the historical Jesus is a ‘development’ from dirt to ‘high'. Again, though, every ascent must also lead to a going-under, lest height is no longer ‘iron and blood’, but light, comforting light. From this darkness, the ascetic poet or dreamer must outlive their spiritual capacity in the sunlight. The dreamer (I) can experience what it is like to be a degenerate, former slave, and thus be a ‘hero’ of the people. The dream is only healthy and capable of creating a new and different future.

<|endoftext|>

Dionysius is a Greek deity. It is employed with many features of the myths and cultural practices associated with Dionysus, either as anthropological reference points, or as symbols: the association with grapevines, wine and intoxication; the association both with harvest and with spring, and thus both with plenty and with sexuality; the fact that the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or seduces humanity to growth and health. The original ideas of Apollonian and Dionysian, rather than distinct drives, are thought of as moments within the overall creative and destructive cycle of Dionysus. Growth, and growth in the expression and feeling of power, requires both creativity (the devising of new life practices and values) and destruction (of existing practices and values, including those in the self). Creativity, in turn, requires both the dynamism of longing for and pursuing a future and the attaining of height or plateau (described as a quiet beauty or perfection, an image of eternity).

In contrast, destruction requires both scholarly or scientific attention and a ‘cruel’ will to overcome. The ability simultaneously and joyfully to affirm all the aspects of Dionysian reality is what is at stake in an eternal recurrence. Therefore, the coexistence of both the creativeness and destructiveness are necessary. Regardless, we should think of Dionysus as an ideal, or personification, of the longing humanity should feel for its growth and overcoming, as well as the longing of life for the health of its highest products. Therefore, Ariadne is the figurehead (and mother) of the humanity that so longs; and, the character of Zarathustra is effectively a portrait of this Dionysian ideal. 

<|endoftext|>

The allusion to the disciples of Jesus is unavoidable, and Zarathustra considers the appropriate strategy would be to acquire ‘disciples. Indeed, the best kind of disciple is one who can remain ‘faithful’ to him or herself and even attack an idea to make it stronger. Therefore, calling oneself a ‘disciple’ of Dionysus, this is a way of thinking about one’s relationship to an ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Certain kinds of growth or creativity only take place under strict rules or harsh conditions. Where creativity is an overcoming, creativity needs opposition (agon). If external resistance is not to be found – a rival or enemy, a precarious situation – one must impose such resistances upon oneself, likewise, in modern music after Wagner. A related notion is that of the discipline involved in the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 a part. This idea of not understanding much more is akin to Paul thinking in the nineteenth century – Paul was too cowardly to speak the truth about lions to his priests, and too cowardly to allow his love of the animal (animal with conscience). Likewise, his expression of joy in the achievement of knowledge (examples would be the animal or the teacher) is an echo of a human value judgement – bringing joy to one cannot gift knowledge the sense of insight into the mind of a knowledgeable soul. Likewise, the aphoristic effect of a noble will to power. Even the belief in a god (examples) is a great communicator.The concept of mythic symbols represents the collective and inherited image of heaven and heaven only offers a broad view of the heavens and the heavens only shows the heavens, and the earth (too small for our families, too big for ourselves). The heights of knowledge are ignorance itself, and the symbols of cave and pit (i.e. an impossible distance) meaning the sky. The worship of animals is not dissimilar. The dancing god is one who both abandons his hunt for the great animal and proves capable of giving birth to a surviving snake. The snake is a metaphor for learning, and not reflection or action.The serpent is cleverness. The combination of these animals (the eagle carrying the snake) is something rare: those who can harness the strength to stand, the eagle-pig, and not be cowardly. The snake is cleverness in a more directness: not afraid of anything, but unerringly guided. The snake is locked in a cycle of growth and contraction, from mother nature to child. By ‘perfect’ us, the snake is led astray, around and even within itself; it is a tool not to be understood as weak or passive, but as having a good will about it. Thus, even the ‘innocence’ behind the mask is a mask, and not a ‘dirt’. The mask reveals a kind of being capable of disarming itself of its attachments and projects itself into the future. The snake is able to take on all that is decaying without the benefit of a solid foundation.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 a noble trait of the human, despite its place in the decline of culture.

Furthermore, many effects that have traditionally been devalued (such as lust or envy) are nevertheless not merely necessary aspects of life, but even essential conditions of it. A similar point is made about even the ‘rabble’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to declare the whole course of life in it becoming up to and through himself, says ‘The time has flowed past when accidents could still befall me’. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any den
