======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 God of the future is precisely the ideal of becoming that gets rejected. It is thus appropriate. Similarly, those who are contemplating marriage should ask themselves ‘have you the right to wish for a child’.

The notion of the ‘eternal child’  is an allusion to Ovid’s account of Jacchus (associated with Dionysus, particularly in the idea of perpetual rebirth).  The concept also has a reference to Heraclitus, who wrote that time, or the creator, is a child building with, then scattering, his playthings. Mozart was often called an ‘eternal child’. The concept of child has two-fold. First, that psychologically, there is no sharp divide between childhood and adulthood, and to believe there is shown an unhealthy devotion to seriousness. Second, that in the ‘genuine man, a child is hidden, it wants to play’  – that is, the higher human will embrace the concepts of play, toys, laughter, or fantasy. Thus, if knowledge removes its playthings, it will have to create others in a perpetual cycle. 

<|endoftext|>

China and the Chinese have two aspects. First, the impression in Asian thought which was inspired at least in part by Schopenhauer. Second, the Chinese have an entirely different form of life, to the extent that the Chinese are a distinct type of human being. This is manifested in their valuation of work, and attributes of the great age of their civilization.

<|endoftext|>

There are three aspects of Christianity. First, and famously, it is the bitter attack on Christianity, especially its effects on modernity. Christianity is responsible for breeding (or domesticating) human beings into a herd animal; Christianity espouses hatred of rationality, but also the body and any bodily passion (i.e. one not directed towards God); more generally, it is in part responsible for the prevalence of the ascetic ideal and the practices it devises, which in turn has ruined the health and taste of modern Europe and continues in disguised form in morality and science; it is responsible for a whole host of moral concepts but especially that of pity; in its denigration of becoming concerning actual being, it is in part responsible for the cultural paralysis induced by the historical sense; Christianity involves the destruction of the ability to read philologically; finally, it has waged war upon the noble, healthy and powerful (the ‘slave revolt’), and in the end broken most of the great (e.g. Wagner) before the cross. Much of this damage is historical; however, importantly, many of these values or practices continue surreptitiously, even without their basis intact. This attack is directed primarily towards Christianity because of its dominant position within European history and present. Still, some of these points are also valid concerning other religions (especially Judaism) or philosophies (especially Platonism).

Second, Christianity is a frequent object of genealogical analysis – that is, a historical account of the origin and development of concepts, values, or practices. This way of thinking overlaps with the first, above.  Jesus is characterised as a kind of Buddhist, whose teachings were catastrophically misinterpreted by Paul. Paul’s notion of the impossibility of virtue and the need for revenge against the law. Here have various accounts of the origin of the concept of sin; similarly, the idea of debt or guilt when raised to its highest point, necessitated Christianity’s stroke of genius: The God sacrificed.

Third, it is about the positive contribution that Christianity – despite its explicit aims – has had. Christianity involves a powerful cultural drive to produce greatness in the form of the saint (although its association with the modern state corrupted this). Similarly, Christianity provided human beauty and refinement. In France, the Christian realized itself as the supreme human being – and thus also this is the place where high free spirits could arise since they needed ‘perfect opponents. Christianity has taught us moral scepticism. Christianity rescued the ancient world from its decadency, and in some way preserved it. Christian practices, including especially the ascetic, have produced an agile intellect capable of understanding perspective. Likewise, Christian values and institutions can now be understood as tools for the advantage of the higher nobility.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the impotence of 'City' can be found in 'antiquarian' history, which is associated with cities. Such account at best serves life only as preservation and not creation but, at worst, 'mummifies' life. The city is also associated with the 'mob'. It is thus a place where wisdom is all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 God’s role in it. The idea of appearance becomes transformed into the notion of perspective or interpretation. A world understood as will to power is neither something in-itself nor is its appearance but is perspectival and evaluating. The building blocks of nature and very much, including the human, are perspectives or values – in other words, relations of will to power.  

<|endoftext|>

In Greek mythology, Ariadne was the Cretan princess who aids the Athenian Theseus in defeating the Minotaur in the labyrinth. Ariadne was the subtlety to Theseus’ destructive power. According to some versions of the story, Theseus promises to marry her but then abandons her on Naxos. There, the God Dionysus becomes her lover. Theseus abandoning Ariadne is humanity leaving its possibilities of growth and health, in favour of the turn towards European modernity; and an abandonment of the mythic feminine in favour of a misunderstood masculine. Ariadne thus stands as a representative of the specific greatness of Greek humanity, desirous of the Dionysian. The poem, ‘Ariadne’s Lament’, portrays this desire for the Dionysian. We moderns may have more scientific knowledge, but it has not made us more exceptional beings, quite the contrary – our subtle understanding. Thus, only in giving up a narrow conception of the utility of knowledge, of progress as preservation and the alleviation of suffering, and other such ‘heroic’ modern achievements, will growth and beauty of the human be possible again. 

<|endoftext|>

Aristotle accounts the relation of tragedy to the chorus in ‘Greek Music Drama’; likewise, with the grand idea of the catharsis of pity and fear. Aristotle is a product of the decay of Greek culture: thus, despite his careful consideration of earlier philosophers, he has no real understanding of their greatness; likewise, Aristotle as both ‘powerful and harmless’ is exemplary of the man of science. Other themes in Aristotle include the account of time in terms of number and the notion of energeia.

<|endoftext|>

Art can mean anything ‘made’, and not just the ‘fine’ arts. The category of ‘art’ covers the visual and musical arts most centrally, but also includes literature. The concept of art is also used in a broader sense, beyond its meaning as a particular cultural practice: thus, the necessary lies that are discussed in ‘On Truth and Lies’, and much later life’s healing instinct, are both termed ‘artistic’.

True art is both token and saviour of authentically unified culture – by way of discovery and employment of the myths that unify a people. Art is also the destination of post-Enlightenment critical science. In the first phase, everything revolves around tragedy, that art is the pinnacle of ancient Greek culture, as a mechanism for achieving insight into psychological and metaphysical realities and sees as the means of rehabilitation of modernity. Analyses of other genres, such as lyric poetry, epic, or modern opera, are all treated as contributing to the understanding of tragedy. Likewise, if art in modernity deviates from the Greek conception, it serves only as a narcotic, at best a temporary relief from the fragmentation of culture and art forms. This duality of real (Greek or tragic) art – and the broader culture that goes with it – and degenerate, modern art, is a central theme.

In the second phase, we find a sceptical or even damning view taken. The age of art is over, once and for all—art and science in a different opposition and order of priority.  Art is not a route to insight or knowledge, and indeed depends upon a certain ignorance or positing of metaphysical falsehoods. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 God and God only knows best. In that way, the discussion of culture begins from nothingness, which is considered as a form of life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation
