======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
. This is implicitly acknowledged that the ‘complete and authentic antagonism’ is between Homer and Plato: the former the deifier of life, the latter its ‘slanderer’.

<|endoftext|>

The fundamental characteristic of things as they appear to us, including ourselves and bodies, is their givenness as individual form. This is Schopenhauer’s principium individuationis and the veil of Maya. Schopenhauer, in turn, was trying to interpret Kant’s distinction between appearances and things-in-themselves and incorporate ideas from Eastern thought. ‘Behind’ appearances are the will, continually striving and becoming, without form. Here, an important distinction arises between two senses of appearance: appearance as a symbolic image in genuine art, versus appearance as mere copy, and thus as possibly deceptive. Socratic thought is the forgetting of the first possibility of occurrence,  and therefore also as the advent of a modern faith in science. This theme continues throughout his career and involves analyses of how that which merely appears is denigrated for some ‘beyond’ or ‘behind’.

Human feeling is from the ground up, a simplification of the world so that it appears as intelligible, predictable, available for human beings to use. The ultimate motive behind this is utility: without such interpretations, human beings could not survive. Moreover, different peoples interpret things according to their specific situation (e.g. climate, resources, their enemies). Thus, differences in understanding the world arise, in terms of what is valued (and what is approved or disapproved of morally).

Later, the notion of value becomes fundamental. If one rigorously rejects the hypothesis of a world, God or life that is somehow not here but ‘beyond’, then ultimately one also must rigorously refuse the notion of appearance itself. Appearance only makes sense to something ‘behind’ or ‘beyond’ it. The idea of appearance becomes transformed into the notion of perspective or interpretation. A world understood as will to power is neither something in-itself nor is its appearance but is perspectival and evaluating. The building blocks of nature and very much, including the human, are perspectives or values – in other words, relations of will to power.  

<|endoftext|>

In Greek mythology, Ariadne was the Cretan princess who aids the Athenian Theseus in defeating the Minotaur in the labyrinth. Ariadne was the subtlety to Theseus’ destructive power. According to some versions of the story, Theseus promises to marry her but then abandons her on Naxos. There, the God Dionysus becomes her lover. Theseus abandoning Ariadne is humanity leaving its possibilities of growth and health, in favour of the turn towards European modernity; and an abandonment of the mythic feminine in favour of a misunderstood masculine. Ariadne thus stands as a representative of the specific greatness of Greek humanity, desirous of the Dionysian. The poem, ‘Ariadne’s Lament’, portrays this desire for the Dionysian. We moderns may have more scientific knowledge, but it has not made us more exceptional beings, quite the contrary – our subtle understanding. Thus, only in giving up a narrow conception of the utility of knowledge, of progress as preservation and the alleviation of suffering, and other such ‘heroic’ modern achievements, will growth and beauty of the human be possible again. 

<|endoftext|>

Aristotle accounts the relation of tragedy to the chorus in ‘Greek Music Drama’; likewise, with the grand idea of the catharsis of pity and fear. Aristotle is a product of the decay of Greek culture: thus, despite his careful consideration of earlier philosophers, he has no real understanding of their greatness; likewise, Aristotle as both ‘powerful and harmless’ is exemplary of the man of science. Other themes in Aristotle include the account of time in terms of number and the notion of energeia.

<|endoftext|>

Art can mean anything ‘made’, and not just the ‘fine’ arts. The category of ‘art’ covers the visual and musical arts most centrally, but also includes literature. The concept of art is also used in a broader sense, beyond its meaning as a particular cultural practice: thus, the necessary lies that are discussed in ‘On Truth and Lies’, and much later life’s healing instinct, are both termed ‘artistic’.

True art is both token and saviour of authentically unified culture – by way of discovery and employment of the myths that unify a people. Art is also the destination of post-Enlightenment critical science. In the first phase, everything revolves around

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian images as contrasts to the famously heavy-footed and thumpety-footedman simplicity of Greek mythology. The lion stands for exceptional strength, need and ressentiment – the characteristics that make one strong and capable of naming after oneself as a human duty is an inevitable side effect.

The tiger is one of the animals associated in mythology with Dionysus, which explicitly refers to fat. The tiger’s wildness is not tamed by, but directly not opposed to Dionysus’ needs or purposes. As one lush growth of the tropical south, the tiger is a symbol of wanton and sudden destructiveness (always about to leap) and over-abundance (‘Homer’s Contest’). Thus, also the tiger is the figure of that sudden urge to traitorous injustice among the Greeks, which requires the state to keep it in check. This tension can be seen negatively as unresolved, lacking perfection or direction. The ‘higher men’ are compared to a tiger that has failed in its leap – that is, ashamed of their action, and not accepting the role of chance in the growth of the human.

In general, the cat is an incompletely domesticated animal that it appears peaceful, loves comfort, but has a residual wildness, remains akin to a beast of prey and is mischievous or wilful. Also, the clouds are implied to cats, incapable of decision; and, cats are also compared with the figure of a woman. However, the cat is incapable of giving, reciprocity or love. In this, it is the opposite of the dog—moreover, the images of granite statues of cats, standing for old-fashioned values, heavy and unmovable.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of ‘category’ has a long history of philosophy, beginning with Aristotle. In Kant, the categories form a set of 12 essential and a priori concepts under which all experience falls. They thus describe the structure of experience and its limits but also supply a transcendental account of how knowledge is possible in the first place. 

<|endoftext|>

Causality is one of the critical physical and metaphysical lines of thought. There are several aspects. Although using some of the same concepts as ‘On Truth and Lies’useful as a kind of shorthand for describing and predicting, the concepts of cause and effect require us to posit the cause and the effect as separable and identifiable; that is, each must be a stable entity. In truth, a continuum faces us, and every causal event is an infinite number of processes. Cause and effect thus offer no real understanding or explanation. This simplifying treatment of cause and effect is founded upon a natural, but mistaken, analysis of will – our clear willing and effecting becomes a model for natural processes. Cause and effect do not follow ‘laws. This notion of natural law as something that ‘governs’ also is an illegitimate application of our (mistaken) notion of willing according to a maxim. The critique of causality also amounts to an evaluation of mechanical thought (all nature consists of pushing and pulling entities). Natural causality is replaced by the concept of a network of forces – that is with the will to power. Among other things, this new concept demands (as against mechanism) ‘action at a distance’. Importantly,  this concept of cause and effect includes a diagnosis of the psychological needs that might explain its adoption.

Second, there are some natural processes at work that are gestured towards by the concept of cause and effect. This whole natural realm contrasts with an unnatural or anti-natural sense of cause and effect: the idea of a sin against God, ‘spiritual causality’, or the cause of itself that is both an account of God but also a model of free will. In all these cases, a cause is posited that lies outside the natural order.

The third strand of thought concerning causality is the notion of sublimation, in which a force or desire has its ‘direction’ changed – that is, its mode of discharge – by a second force or passion. There, the distinction between a vast quantum of power, and a smaller trigger, serves to give the former direction. The latter would be the ends we set ourselves for tasks or our lives. But these are often ‘beautifying pretexts’ – the real function of the discharge is hidden from us.

<|endoftext|>

There are many caves in Greek mythology. The first one is the Dikeman Cave where the infant Zeus was born and hidden away from his father Chronos (time); the second one is the cave near Mount Kylene where Maia gave birth to Hermes (god of travel and herald of
