======== SAMPLE 1 ========
A.I. is a stable entity, one that needs to be continually improving. For example, the musical instrument of musical knowledge can be anything from lyric poetry to epic, and the record of a great people. The Socratic thought of music as the mode of cultural production and the mode of culture that leads to the elevation of the philosopher to higher employment. The Homeric epic is a great source of the image of the philosopher. The Dionysian is about joy and not pessimism. The ancient Greeks lived dancelike in this sense; dialogue in Sophocles has this character. Dance thus serves as an analogy for Dionysian insight apprehended calmly in an Apollonian vision; for the overcoming of shame in the healthy and beautiful body; likewise, for the conception of freedom of will as self-determination, taking leave of certainty and dancing beside the abyss – this notion should recall the tight rope ‘dancer’; and generally as the ideal of philosophy, which needs to be able to work with both science and art, accomplished in both but constrained by neither, even though this means an absolute inevitable scientific ignorance. German philosophers got criticised, for whom thinking is nothing like dancing, struggling without a ‘finger for nuance’. Wagner is found – and implicitly criticised – for moving music away from dance and its ideal of self-possession even amidst emotional enthusiasm.

Zarathustra walks like a dancer, a sign of the self-overcoming during his long sojourn in the mountains. ‘The Dance Song’ is explicitly there to advocate against the ‘spirit of gravity’, the enemy of anyone who would seek to overcome such burdens. In accord with this conception of dance, we have the famous lines ‘one must have chaos within one still to give birth to a dancing star’, and ‘I would only believe in a God who knew how to dance’. To the latter is contrasted the discontented God who created an ‘eternally imperfect’ world – that is a world characterised by illusion, suffering and dependence. Such a god suffers and, in revenge, wants to make suffering. The dancing god, on the other hand, is Dionysus. Both are projections of human ideals, but the latter is of a healthy form of human life and one aligned to the nature of life as will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The idea of danger is employed in several interconnected ways. First, the danger is the ‘mother of morality’. That is, moral systems and other forms of values arise to fix in place a working social arrangement, one that offers stability and security to the group. Second, though, this same stability itself endangers the health or growth of life. So, the priestly type is ‘a dangerous form of human existence’, and likewise, the good and righteous are the ‘greatest danger to all human future’. Third, those factors that are a specific danger to the development of a philosopher (specialization, intellectual conscience, or the need to revalue those values assigned to live). For an earlier example, see also the ‘three dangers’ that confronted Schopenhauer. Similarly, there is the danger attached to philosophical knowledge itself. That is, if absolute falsehoods or simplifications are a condition of life, then bringing these into question will be a danger both to the questioner and to existing forms of human life. Accordingly, the passage to the ‘over human’ will be a ‘dangerous across’, and Zarathustra praises the tight-rope walker for making ‘danger your vocation’. The image of the tight-rope walker brings us to the fourth meaning: danger as a duty.  Therefore, we should live dangerously, risking and having to lose ourselves and our current way of life. Regarding Zarathustra’s inability to express the idea of eternal recurrence, his conscience reproaches him ‘What do you matter? Speak your word and break!’. More generally, Zarathustra talks about courage and the seeking out of dangers as the main characteristic of the growth of the human.

<|endoftext|>

Daybreak is a subtle move away from the ‘positivism’ of Human, All Too Human. The book begins by returning to the origin of morality, though with a modified model that has more emphasis on evaluation and the drives as origins, and custom as mechanism. There is an extended discussion of early Christianity in this light. It then turns to contemporary moral practices and social institutions (marriage, education, etc.). By the end of the book, it offers exhortations to a new, and future, way of living and thinking.

<|endoftext|>

Francois de la Rochefoucauld is seventeenth-century French author, much admired by Nietzsche both

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
A means of dissimulation of one’s previous state. That is, a previous state, in which something is an object of longing for. In this case, the object is the agonistic Centauri Dreams, in which the agon is symbolised erotically; the dream is also part of the journey of the philosopher. The philosopher, however, is not the one who can experience affirming values. Therefore, the struggle is not in the form of a class struggle, but as a moment (of calm, stillness, beauty, image, etc.) within a social order of drives. Struggle is not a fixed order, but a way of living and thinking. Thus, the struggle is not with the law but a maxim. The struggle is not between desire and rigor, but – between human beings and 'higher' life (e.g. 'animal' is suitable for such struggle).

The word struggle is used with many themes in Greek literature and art. The most famous usage of the idea is the narrative of the Athenian distress – when they refuse to allow Dionysus (another son of Zeus) to marry, they are all killed off-high. In theramasu is one of the three means of successful human communication with the world (the other two are the sun and the darkness). It is an old-fashioned one.

The most famous usage of the metaphor of distance is in the expression 'pathos of distance.' Indeed, a distinction is implied between 'distant' and the more general Ferne, employing the former when he wants to draw attention primarily to 'rank'. The relevant sense of distance is that of insisting upon real distinctions among individuals or groups (mainly between types or classes), and the value of these for the health and growth of human life (it is thus related to height or 'separation'). Even among his or her peers, even in acts of obedience, the noble person stays independent, not forming part of a 'herd'.  This distance is not just a state, but a 'pathos' – that is, a kind of effect. The effect is a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Pathos falls under this category but is not something that could be called incidental or fleeting; by 'pathos.' An effect is meant that is a defining characteristic of a way of life. The pathos of distance, therefore, stands for a defining characteristic of the noble, part and parcel of his or her self-respect and sense of right. Likewise, some things should be apprehended only from a distance, because then their image can inspire. However, such a pathos against, primarily, Christianity, which abolishes distances (except for the absurd distance of transcendence), making everyone equal, cutting any possibility of reverence among humans. Besides, the pathos of distance is significant because it represents a condition of health in the human which in turn makes a 'more mysterious pathos', namely for new possibilities of human life and growth. Likewise, those noble types who feel the pathos of distance have overall responsibility for the future.

<|endoftext|>

Distress is an affective state experienced as an emergency: something vitally important is (or will be) wrong or missing. It is also used to describe conditions of suffering or poverty. Its philosophical significance lies in the conception that certain instances of distress are needed for life to overcome itself. The narrative begins when Zarathustra hears a ‘cry of distress’ and is tempted by pity for the higher humans. For the recognition of, and responding to, distress lies at the origin of the standard or ordinary. Likewise, there has a magnificent tension of the spirit and nihilism, which is experienced as distress. Rather than anaesthetizing that distress, the aim here is to release the tension in pursuit of new forms of human life. Other relevant passages elaborating on this idea include: the ‘highly spiritual’ will feel a delight over and above all the distress of a problem, psychology must overcome distress – an ‘end’, to the distress of a problem, is an an ‘solution’ to the problem of a future. The concept of ‘strife’ also has a reference to the contraction of Greek tragedy into an ‘Dionysian’ stage, and again, the contrast between altruistic and reactive forms of life is startling. For example, the altruism that is often associated with courage; the other two are roleism, the selfishness that is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The creation of individuals is an important concept, although its use is not as formal a positing of the idea that creation is a route to higher values. The discussion of individuals and the nature of groups then turns to the concept of types of organisms.

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
Aristotle accounts the relation of tragedy to the chorus in ‘Greek Music Drama’; likewise, with the grand idea of the catharsis of pity and fear. Aristotle is a product of the decay of Greek culture: thus, despite his careful consideration of earlier philosophers, he has no real understanding of their greatness; likewise, Aristotle as both ‘powerful and harmless’ is exemplary of the man of science. Other themes in Aristotle include the account of time in terms of number and the notion of energeia.

<|endoftext|>

Art can mean anything ‘made’, and not just the ‘fine’ arts. The category of ‘art’ covers the visual and musical arts most centrally, but also includes literature. The concept of art is also used in a broader sense, beyond its meaning as a particular cultural practice: thus, the necessary lies that are discussed in ‘On Truth and Lies’, and much later life’s healing instinct, are both termed ‘artistic’.

True art is both token and saviour of authentically unified culture – by way of discovery and employment of the myths that unify a people. Art is also the destination of post-Enlightenment critical science. In the first phase, everything revolves around tragedy, that art is the pinnacle of ancient Greek culture, as a mechanism for achieving insight into psychological and metaphysical realities and sees as the means of rehabilitation of modernity. Analyses of other genres, such as lyric poetry, epic, or modern opera, are all treated as contributing to the understanding of tragedy. Likewise, if art in modernity deviates from the Greek conception, it serves only as a narcotic, at best a temporary relief from the fragmentation of culture and art forms. This duality of real (Greek or tragic) art – and the broader culture that goes with it – and degenerate, modern art, is a central theme.

In the second phase, we find a sceptical or even damning view taken. The age of art is over, once and for all—art and science in a different opposition and order of priority.  Art is not a route to insight or knowledge, and indeed depends upon a certain ignorance or positing of metaphysical falsehoods. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples, too; similarly, while talks about art without artists, by which means certain kinds of institutions (the idea is similar to how culture drives work through individuals).

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to humans in the flatlands; psychology must descend to depths not in the sense of being profound or fundamental, but in the spirit of investigating the most repellent cases and problems; and thinking pessimism to its depths might lead to the opposite, highest ideal. This is part of the concept of cycles. Also, ascent and height are relative in that one can look down, have things beneath one: height is a comprehensive view that is not abstract, and pride that is honest and not condesc
