======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 term culture – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 


======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 term of abuse. The actor is a fake, one whose power and need to stand for something, not even having an identity in him or herself, and needed for others to need to watch them. The talent for acting is bred in certain classes or peoples by a requirement of constant adaptation. The actor may be the right conceptual model also for the 'artist'. Those who are called 'great' are often actors because they are incapable of willing greatness. 'Actors of the spirit' makes others believe he or she can envision great things and carrying out great action and demands an over-dramatic setting. The actor may look to transform what is around in his or her own (false) image. 

<|endoftext|>

Actuality often links with 'reality,' which refers to the reality of events or their results -such phenomenal reality;  and is also about the reality of things, objects, or materials - the real, underlying world. Actuality also is phenomenally real is that which acts or has effects in space and time. 

The chorus protects the space of tragedy against the intrusions of every day, present reality. Here, the actual forms the innumerable, profoundly petty, and short-sighted concerns of 'today.' Tragic experience and genuine culture require turning away from this actuality. This is another expression of the theme of untimeliness. The concept of actuality as the concerns of the present presents that it 'infertile' and 'without prophetic dreams' – that is without the ability to create, long for and pursue ideals. What is rational is actual, and what is actual is rational. The actual is that which, through a process of becoming, has reached to its full essence.

Untimeliness may involve a turning away from the actual in the above sense of 'to dryness', but certainly not in a more general sense. For, a particular hatred of or fleeing from reality characterises early Christian (and not only Christian) thought. This hatred, in turn, branched out into the elevation of Jesus to divinity as an act of resentment against those who crucified him, the notions of guilt before God, and judgement and so forth. Other examples of hatred of reality include despising the body and all that is associated with the organisation (e.g. sexuality), plus the corresponding elevation in value of the fiction that is 'soul'. Likewise, modern science involves a flight from the actual, for it relies upon ideal fictions such as the atom (or some other version of substance), number, pure observation, and law. Reality thus requires redemption. What is this 'redeemed' reality? Not some renewed naïve metaphysical faith in exterior substance or matter, for example. It can only mean recognising (not as mere knowledge, but as an alignment) reality as the will to power and perspective.

<|endoftext|>

Aeschylus is the first one and the purest of the Greek tragic poets. 

<|endoftext|>

Aesthetics is the philosophical treatment of art and related concepts.

<|endoftext|>

States of mind (or reports of states of consciousness) that include an immediate evaluation of the state of its objects, such as pain, pleasure, or the emotions. Moreover, these states assign objects as causes or locations (this is painful, that makes me angry, etc.). All these words could also be translated as either 'emotion' (though few would call pleasure or pain an emotion) or more commonly 'feeling'. The feeling can seem to be a value-neutral report of a factual state. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 term of abuse, originates in a specific physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life.
