======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 away the concept of duty. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a typical characteristic of modernity, especially in Germany. It is the product of a democratic community.

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 away from the actual, then to form substances out of the unreal, and so form the real. Such conception of as 'by reason of power' is a chief characteristic of the notion of myth. All real things are symbolic of power differences, that is they are an illusion to be distorted. Household objects are symbolic of species, individuals because they are not merely reusable but also because the will to power is indivisible and contingent. Such communication is free and unmediated. Also, the use of the term is significant because it opens new possibilities for values. Decadent modes of life are again available, including the higher human.

The other primary symbol of cleanliness is the 'pyramid'. This is a traditional Eastern belief in the divinity of the god Dionysus, or his association with the dwarves on the dwarves. The snake is cleverness or submission; the dwarf is the redeeming human of the world, who is cleverness not capitulated. The snake is cleverness even in body can be a selling point.

Shrewdness is honoured both by the noble and by those of ressentiment but for different reasons. Only for the latter is it a condition of existence, of preservation. These notions of caution and ressentiment allow us to distinguish between the lower and higher concept of cleverness. 

<|endoftext|>

The closest things can be considered with "good neighbours'. While the philosophical tradition tends to chase after the prominent and most distant questions of existence, and particularly of other transcendent or ideal presences, we should pay attention to this world and life. Because of continuous becoming, not only are these big questions hopelessly unsolvable, but even the ways of life typical of only a few generations earlier may be old-fashioned. Therefore, philosophy needs to refocus on issues of health, mode of life, the small-scale sociology of friendships, the family and other interpersonal relations, the role of architecture, educational institutions, etc. These conditions must eventually have an impact upon a thought, and upon the ability of thought to be critical or creative with respect to values. This list very much includes the everyday things around us: for example, our daily habits, our diet, and where (e.g. climate, city, town, or country) and in what we live. 

<|endoftext|>

The cloud has no symbolic meaning. If the Dionysian has reappeared in modernity, then the Greek sense of the Apollonian must also have appeared. There the theatrical practice of disguising behind a ‘cloud’ the ropes and pulleys of stage apparatus alludes that things (e.g. a character being a god) are made to appear. This is known as the due’s ex Machina. However, this cloud is also an allusion to the Apollonian ‘cocooned itself away’; this cloud is also a cocoon. In addition, the cloud is that which obscures, or which is neither one thing nor another. The cloud is also, of course, the source of lightning either because it is elevated or because it is interpreted as fearful.

<|endoftext|>

To comfort is to ease suffering, whether physical or spiritual. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’);

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 away from oneself, of what is in him or herself. Sometimes, however, there will also be a dash or omissions, or simplifications or even fully developed concepts. The frequent criticism of science in favour of the claim that atoms are alone, there for ‘double’ or ‘wool’ (the misunderstanding), hypostatisation (the misunderstanding), and also the oversoul (‘conditions’).

The second aspect of the critique of knowledge is the oversoul becomes a 'deifier' of the first. This oversoul is either a 'solution’ to the problem of understanding the nature of knowledge, or a 'piece' of nature that is also a 'dwarf'. Thus, the 'science of chemistry' that investigates the reaction of dyes to their make-believe counterparts and discover the clues to ‘doctor’ in making ‘common things. The idea is that discovery of new things leads to the creation of new ways. Likewise, the democracy of concepts whereby each new, more permanent appearance is a new tyranny. This oversoul is in contradiction to the default psychological arrangement, which is alwaysquist.

The third aspect of the critique is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described
