======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a symbol of all that was wrong with modern Germany.  

<|endoftext|>

Blood is a metaphor of life and a key symbol in Christianity for a life made eternal by being cleansed of sin. Notably, blood stands for the specific mode of life of an individual or group; thus, history transformed into blood: morals part of our ‘flesh and blood’. Blood is accumulated and passed down, forming peoples, types, or families (Geblüt means belonging to an aristocratic family line). Blood is that which makes one strong and capable of creating so that we have the vampire or leech images; also, the life-draining of specific ideas or practices, revenge, or asceticism or nihilism. Blood is precious; therefore, the mention thereof aphorisms and of things written in blood being an effort to read. Blood is also courage and the love of danger so that which is written in blood will take risks and those who read it to take risks with themselves.  Blood means sacrifice or martyrdom, which the idea is related to Christian symbolism, but also to Bismarck’s famous speech in 1862, where he uses the phrase ‘iron and blood’ to describe a nationalistic foreign policy not afraid to risk warfare.

<|endoftext|>

Body means the human body as opposed to just any material object. If one rejects dualism – an account of the mind or soul as fundamentally different from, even separable from, the body – then bodily states are sensations, appetites, passions and so on, and thought and reason. In turn, this means that the one set of processes (those traditionally associated with a body) and the other (those usually associated with a mind) will require a similar set of explanatory accounts—this joint descriptive account in a materialistic account of physiology. The will to power seems to provide such an account that does not involve the metaphysical commitments of materialism. Moreover, these two sets must also influence each other (indeed overlap or coincide) much more than is thought. Importantly, the individual body is not necessarily the primary object of enquiry – groups based on gender, class, or race are treated as effectively one body. That is, certain groups are effectively a single organism. For example, the mobility and intermarriage of various human types vertically across classes, and geographically across Europe and beyond, has created mixed physiologies and thus also new types of cultural forces or possibilities.

Similarly, this account of the body explains with the concept of health or growth in both physical and spiritual ways, and with practices like diet, cleanliness, or discipline.  Through such methods, bodies can be developed (or made ill) through what sometimes calls internalisation or incorporation.

The sickness of the body, and a misunderstanding of this sickness, forms the whole of philosophy. The most obvious example of this is the denigration of the body and what are taken to be its characteristics: sex, desire, sensuality, potent effects of all kinds. From this denigration arise certain ascetic practices that seek to repress the body. To these counterpoises a ‘deification of the body’, the ‘development of a higher body’, or a state in which sensuality and spirit are ‘at home’ together. Part of the redemption of the body, then, is redemption, or revaluation, of the value of those denigrated characteristics.

<|endoftext|>

To breed means to select reproductive pairs to emphasise or cut certain inherited traits. Bought characteristics can be inherited, which is an outdated concept of biological inheritance. If we think of breeding on a broader sense, as the inheriting of selected values by way of institutions (such as education or church), then it is more plausible—a school ‘breeds’ in the sense that it values and passes on specific characteristics. The concept is in both a negative and positive sense. In a negative sense, Christianity is a procedure for breeding herd-like features, and physical and psychological illnesses, into populations. The domestication aimed at by Christianity from the breeding (in a strict sense) aimed at in Hindu culture, but the process is not dissimilar. In a positive sense, breeding is how peoples came to be, by favouring those characteristics that enabled survival under challenging conditions, which then became virtues. Likewise, breeding is the taking charge of human development, rather than leaving it to lucky accidents.

<|endoftext|>

The image of a bridge is conventional that it is an opportunity for overcoming (for growth, development, progress of some type), and it has value for that reason alone. Thus, the human is a bridge and not a goal. Also, the passage called ‘On Redemption’ takes place on a ‘great bridge’. The ascetic ideal is, for a philosophy, a unique bridge to his

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’. ‘Poet’ here does not only mean an artist in verse, but also anyone who posits permanence (the metaphysics of substance, or the theology of a god), since that is only a poetic device. Such lying allegories are not contrasted to any direct, non- poetic statement of facts. A model of language that values clarity, directness and the absence of imagery is even further from the capacity to speak the truths of, say, will to power. Instead, the contrast is with ‘higher’ allegories of time and becoming. Here, on every allegory, you ride to every truth. Similarly, only in dance can we tell the allegory of the highest things. Something like ‘inspiration’, then, is needed for such images to cease being a lie and reach to their proper symbolic functioning.

<|endoftext|>

The love of one’s fate, specifically, a gratitude towards all that makes up the situation that I inhabit, and which has produced me in the way that I am. The root of the idea is found in the notion of ‘antiquarian history’. The interconnectedness of all things and events, this ‘all’ is effectively the whole course of history as far as that history ‘passes’, in part, through an individual. Amor fati is a ‘formula for greatness’. My love or gratitude comes from the fact that this fate produces me and does so as being capable of affirming myself and capable of having a creative role in the future.

The idea is closely allied to that of affirmation more generally:  to say yes to this situation is the only way of saying yes to oneself, and vice versa. It is related to the affirmation of eternal recurrence. Only an individual who embodied a healthy and ascending life; was spiritually attuned to such life (e.g. not deceived about themselves); also, could ‘redeem’ the past and present as if it were a product of their will, could genuinely love one’s fate. As such, accident, or chance (in any ordinary sense) is not relevant. Likewise, necessity is no cause for distress, for nothing can befall the lover of fate that is not also a product of the creative will.

<|endoftext|>

Several thinkers argued that any hierarchical framework of political, economic, legal, or social power must be harmful to human beings. Also, revolutionary figures and groups in the nineteenth century and beyond believed that political institutions could not be reformed but had to be dismantled. Although Rousseau was not an anarchist, some aspects of his thinking were essential for later anarchist thought. 

Although anarchism appears to be intellectually opposed to other modern ideas such as democracy, equality or even socialism, is in fact of a piece with them. Anarchism is founded on reaction and ressentiment, remains moralistic, expresses a fundamental belief in the value of pity, or instead a fundamental inability not to feel shame, and finally evidences a desire for the herd. Early Christians were anarchistic; likewise, emancipated women.
