======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is ‘a dangerous form of religious rhetoric’. The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from the nobility of a narrowly perfected culture, as well as from the anti-culture of the historical sense. This historical sense is a kind of comprehensiveness but without discrimination, without any setting of limits. Such an ideal requires dangerous experiences to enable judgements about the value of modes of life. Greatness is judged in fact by the ability for comprehensiveness. Comprehensiveness thus describes a height that is not that of abstraction and represents an overall responsibility for the development of the human, and which can use a wide variety of cultural forms and institutions as tools. Such responsibility will be able to take on all the hopes and disasters of the past and present, and still rise joyfully to greet the dawn. Thus, comprehensiveness is also related to the ideas of the gift and pregnancy. 

<|endoftext|>

When talking about concepts, philosophical concepts or the fundamental concepts of a religion or culture, it refers to, for example, substance, cause, virtue, sin. Any discussion of concepts, therefore, will also be a discussion of philosophy, metaphysics, religion etc. Concepts form a system – that is, individual concepts cannot be isolated but must be understood as a whole way of thinking (and living and evaluating), and likewise studied in their historically developing and repeating interconnection. Philosophical concepts are later and dependent upon the underlying values that produce language. Thus, for example, philosophical concepts are governed or generated by the grammar. Even the belief in the validity of concept-formation has philosophical implications. Concepts may also be able to influence those values. When, under the pressure of discoveries or critique, a concept gives way the result is memorably described as a ‘concept- quake’.

<|endoftext|>

About the concept of conditions, it is a  broad contention that nothing is isolated, pure, or unconditional, that is everything is only properly understood in its concrete context and by following the various ‘conditions’ under which it developed and continues to evolve. By ‘conditions’ are meant historical period, culture, values, language or psychological forces, or education and other institutions. Pity – in the form of protective institutions like hospitals, or the various other instruments in the hands of the ascetic priest – becomes a mechanism for preserving suffering and decadent forms of life from the conditions that otherwise might destroy them. By way of contrast, the opposite views about the broadly ascetic practices – selective withdrawal from certain present conditions – consider that it is a condition of a philosopher’s development. Similarly, the situations under which new and enhanced forms of the human might arise –

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 is a metaphysical/cosmological claim concerning being or reality. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love. To be sure, in illustrating the thought of eternal recurrence, it may be necessary to talk about circles of time, endless repetitions and so forth. However, this is necessary only as a first stage and is not the core of the thought.

<|endoftext|>

In Christian thought, and much of European metaphysics, 'eternity' is a transcendent feature of the divine to the created, or of the genuinely real to mere appearance. It means either timeless or time itself without end. In either case, eternity relies upon opposition to the transient, becoming the character of appearances and the finite nature of human lives. We can find the examples in Plato that 'time' is the 'image of eternity'; in Republic 608c; John 6:40 there's a description about 'eternal life', and finally, also see Kant's The Critique of Pure Reason where the form of time is unchanging but is not itself an object of experience. However, the distinction between very being and real being should be rejected. Without a transcendent 'eternal' being, eternity is asserted to be a feature of the same reality as transience. Nor are these two 'features' of the reliant upon two entirely different ways of thinking – for example, Spinoza's sub specie aeternitatis, which is reality as viewed from eternity (i.e. as apprehended by God). Instead,  the idea of becoming an eternity are compatible, such that we would need some transcendent viewpoint to reconcile them. Moments of still beauty and perfection are not illusions; instead, the world in its eternity is also profoundly tranquil. Likewise, in contrast to Goethe's 'eternal feminine', the eternity here is characterized by the repetition or cycle of types of becoming, and

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 is a critical blood. Blood is not a route to insight or knowledge, and indeed depends upon a certain ignorance or positing of metaphysical falsehoods. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples, too; similarly, while talks about art without artists, by which means certain kinds of institutions (the idea is similar to how culture drives work through individuals).

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to humans in the flatlands; psychology must descend to depths not in the sense of being profound or fundamental, but in the spirit of investigating the most repellent cases and problems; and thinking pessimism to its depths might lead to the opposite, highest ideal. This is part of the concept of cycles. Also, ascent and height are relative in that one can look down, have things beneath one: height is a comprehensive view that is not abstract, and pride that is honest and not condescending. Again, though, every ascent must also lead to a going-under, lest height is a form of fleeing.

<|endoftext|>

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still is surreptitiously pervasive and influential in modernity. Key to asceticism is the setting up of a moral ideal that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various analyses of the austere ideal supply evidence for these. The Treatise then forms a series of studies of the meaning of the ascetic ideal in artists, philosophers, the weak and ill and in priests. The discussion of the philosopher is significant, for here the ascetic ideal shows its often-overlooked positive aspect, as the search for the conditions of spiritual growth and elevation, like the abstinence and careful mode of life of an athlete in training. Asceticism is a way of diverting the course of one’s life onto the right path, the path that leads to another world or after-life. This means, though, that asceticism is a mode of living that
