======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various analyses of the austere ideal supply evidence for these. The Treatise then forms a series of studies of the meaning of the ascetic ideal in artists, philosophers, the weak and ill and in priests. The discussion of the philosopher is significant, for here the ascetic ideal shows its often-overlooked positive aspect, as the search for the conditions of spiritual growth and elevation, like the abstinence and careful mode of life of an athlete in training. Asceticism is a way of diverting the course of one’s life onto the right path, the path that leads to another world or after-life. This means, though, that asceticism is a mode of living that seeks to cancel out experience – but that is a contradiction, and (at least at the physiological level) must be only an appearance. That is, the ascetic ideal must be somehow a way of a degenerated life-preserving itself at all costs. The priest is a kind of ‘doctor’ to the sick, serving to change the direction of their ressentiment to make it harmless. Instruments to this end are described from sections 17 to 20.  This institutionalisation of the sick and weak is also a valuable separation of them from the healthy. Both science and historiography (history understood as a scientific undertaking) is contemptible and thus soon abandon the human.

<|endoftext|>

Asceticism refers to a life practice that involves a deliberate denial to oneself of certain pleasures or activities, in the belief that this will enhance other things (e.g. one’s virtue, or closeness to God). It is a common practice across many religions. The concept comes partly from trying to understand why it is so widespread – that is, what more general purposes does it serve? Equally important is the idea that the influence of asceticism did not disappear with certain ancient and medieval practices but still is surreptitiously pervasive and influential in modernity. Key to asceticism is the setting up of a moral ideal that involves an impossible suppression of the body – that is, an ideal impossible to reach. In that way, the aim is not to become moral, but to feel as sinful as possible, to perpetuate the severe condition. The quality of spectacle: the ascetic wanted to prove their power in the sight of non-believers (barbarians), and they are both spectacle and spectator.

Ascetic ideals’ pervasiveness crosses many aspects of human life. The chief purpose of the Treatise is not about the ascetic ideal per se, but either proving the inescapable nature of will to power or proving the art of interpretation—the various analyses of the austere ideal supply evidence for these. The Treatise then forms a series of studies of the meaning of the ascetic ideal in artists, philosophers, the weak and ill and in priests. The discussion of the philosopher is significant, for here the ascetic ideal shows its often-overlooked positive aspect, as the search for the conditions of spiritual growth and elevation, like the abstinence and careful mode of life of an athlete in training. Asceticism is a condition of a genuine culture, one that is effectively one body of people and sees as the mechanism for the culture of growth and reproduction. That is, the ascetic ideal must be able to find its way into a comprehensive cultural form of life that includes the discussion of priests and priests of lust (in a positive sense) and the need for the suspension of cultural and social order.

<|endoftext|>

Ascetic ideals are a crucial concept in political thought and was the basis of eighteenth-century education in aEast Asian dominated through a Ryeish system. The concept of ideal requires an absolute honesty (although not necessarily a conscious one), that is without any clear evidence as to how they were performed. Instead, the ideal is passed down among individuals or groups, and arises within the collective sphere of a people. It is only through the production of individuals that individual form is realised. This is both a liberation but also a crushing blow (for it means that the burden of creating and justifying values falls upon the human). Here, ‘death’ means old, weak, irrelevant, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 that will understand that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to interfere. The human must be liberated from chance as from priests; that is, freed from either a pessimistic assessment of human possibilities, from the endless diversion of the random and incidental, or from the rule of chance in human evolution.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 that is, goes against the grain of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a typical characteristic of modernity, especially in Germany. It is the product of a democratic community. The point concerns distance; that is, a herd is defined not by numbers, or cleanliness in an ordinary sense, but by thinking, speaking, and acting as one, and by assuming equality (e.g. touching). This is unclean in a spiritual sense because it must involve falsifications or simplifications, passivity, and weakness, and because it leads to a stagnation of the human. Thus, what is unclean is ‘common’. Once a work has been produced (e.g. an act done, a book published) then it is in the collective sphere; if saw at all, it becomes universal. Nobility cannot be judged, then, by acts or works. Only a noble reserve, solitude and self-respect could keep its spiritual cleanliness.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of cleverness is on both a patient caution and on a subtle, hidden, and often inventive calculation bent upon reaping the rewards. The concept contrasts both with the ‘human of intuition’ in his or her abundance and beauty (‘On Truth and Lies’), with wisdom and with great foolishness. This cleverness, seen as a characteristic of modernity (regarding education, business or industry, scholarship and practical morality). 

Cleverness also
