======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 up. This is another expression of the theme of untimeliness. The concept of actuality as the concerns of the present presents that it 'infertile' and 'without prophetic dreams' – that is without the ability to create, long for and pursue ideals. What is rational is actual, and what is actual is rational. The actual is that which, through a process of becoming, has reached to its full essence.

Untimeliness may involve a turning away from the actual in the above sense of 'to dryness', but certainly not in a more general sense. For, a particular hatred of or fleeing from reality characterises early Christian (and not only Christian) thought. This hatred, in turn, branched out into the elevation of Jesus to divinity as an act of resentment against those who crucified him, the notions of guilt before God, and judgement and so forth. Other examples of hatred of reality include despising the body and all that is associated with the organisation (e.g. sexuality), plus the corresponding elevation in value of the fiction that is 'soul'. Likewise, modern science involves a flight from the actual, for it relies upon ideal fictions such as the atom (or some other version of substance), number, pure observation, and law. Reality thus requires redemption. What is this 'redeemed' reality? Not some renewed naïve metaphysical faith in exterior substance or matter, for example. It can only mean recognising (not as mere knowledge, but as an alignment) reality as the will to power and perspective.

<|endoftext|>

Aeschylus is the first one and the purest of the Greek tragic poets. 

<|endoftext|>

Aesthetics is the philosophical treatment of art and related concepts.

<|endoftext|>

States of mind (or reports of states of consciousness) that include an immediate evaluation of the state of its objects, such as pain, pleasure, or the emotions. Moreover, these states assign objects as causes or locations (this is painful, that makes me angry, etc.). All these words could also be translated as either 'emotion' (though few would call pleasure or pain an emotion) or more commonly 'feeling'. The feeling can seem to be a value-neutral report of a factual state. However, the feeling as always an interpretation, bringing the concept of soul in line with that of effect – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 up with a ‘disciples life’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to declare the whole course of life in it becoming up to and through himself, says ‘The time has flowed past when accidents could still befall me’. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that still is within one that is yet unaligned to, or hostile to, life. Such a new form of ‘conscience’ would belong to the ‘great health’.

<

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 up a moral vita practice. The idea of culture is not merely renunciation; that is, rethinking the whole of philosophy. A key example is his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept
