======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 both the beauty of the body and the corruption can be seen negatively as unresolved, lacking perfection or direction. The ‘higher men’ are compared to a tiger that has failed in its leap – that is, ashamed of their action, and not accepting the role of chance in the growth of the human.

In general, the cat is an incompletely domesticated animal that it appears peaceful, loves comfort, but has a residual wildness, remains akin to a beast of prey and is mischievous or wilful. Also, the clouds are implied to cats, incapable of decision; and, cats are also compared with the figure of a woman. However, the cat is incapable of giving, reciprocity or love. In this, it is the opposite of the dog—moreover, the images of granite statues of cats, standing for old-fashioned values, heavy and unmovable.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of ‘category’ has a long history of philosophy, beginning with Aristotle. In Kant, the categories form a set of 12 essential and a priori concepts under which all experience falls. They thus describe the structure of experience and its limits but also supply a transcendental account of how knowledge is possible in the first place. 

<|endoftext|>

Causality is one of the critical physical and metaphysical lines of thought. There are several aspects. Although using some of the same concepts as ‘On Truth and Lies’useful as a kind of shorthand for describing and predicting, the concepts of cause and effect require us to posit the cause and the effect as separable and identifiable; that is, each must be a stable entity. In truth, a continuum faces us, and every causal event is an infinite number of processes. Cause and effect thus offer no real understanding or explanation. This simplifying treatment of cause and effect is founded upon a natural, but mistaken, analysis of will – our clear willing and effecting becomes a model for natural processes. Cause and effect do not follow ‘laws. This notion of natural law as something that ‘governs’ also is an illegitimate application of our (mistaken) notion of willing according to a maxim. The critique of causality also amounts to an evaluation of mechanical thought (all nature consists of pushing and pulling entities). Natural causality is replaced by the concept of a network of forces – that is with the will to power. Among other things, this new concept demands (as against mechanism) ‘action at a distance’. Importantly,  this concept of cause and effect includes a diagnosis of the psychological needs that might explain its adoption.

Second, there are some natural processes at work that are gestured towards by the concept of cause and effect. This whole natural realm contrasts with an unnatural or anti-natural sense of cause and effect: the idea of a sin against God, ‘spiritual causality’, or the cause of itself that is both an account of God but also a model of free will. In all these cases, a cause is posited that lies outside the natural order.

The third strand of thought concerning causality is the notion of sublimation, in which a force or desire has its ‘direction’ changed – that is, its mode of discharge – by a second force or passion. There, the distinction between a vast quantum of power, and a smaller trigger, serves to give the former direction. The latter would be the ends we set ourselves for tasks or our lives. But these are often ‘beautifying pretexts’ – the real function of the discharge is hidden from us.

<|endoftext|>

There are many caves in Greek mythology. The first one is the Dikeman Cave where the infant Zeus was born and hidden away from his father Chronos (time); the second one is the cave near Mount Kylene where Maia gave birth to Hermes (god of travel and herald of the gods), son of Zeus; the third one is the cave near Mount Nysa where Dionysus (another son of Zeus) was raised by nymphs,  hidden from Hera’s jealousy.

The other primary classical source for the image of the cave is Plato. In The Republic, Plato uses the ‘allegory of the cave’ to describe the journey of the philosopher, who flees the imaginary images in the cave (appearances), up to the sunlight (the forms as genuine entities illuminated by genuine light), and then back again to aid others in escaping. The cave, rather than being a dark place of illusion, is depth (in the sense of profundity) but is also elevated in the mountains. When we step out before the sun, it is not to gain insight, but to bestow it on others. Similarly, the figure of a cave to talk about the solitude of the free spirit; and, the cave is the depths

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 both a materialistic or nihilistic state. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from the nobility of a narrowly perfected culture, as well as from the anti-culture of the historical sense. This historical sense is a kind of comprehensiveness but without discrimination, without any setting of limits. Such an ideal requires dangerous experiences to enable judgements about the value of modes of life. Greatness is judged in fact by the ability for comprehensiveness. Comprehensiveness thus describes a height that is not that of abstraction and represents an overall responsibility for the development of the human, and which can use a wide variety of cultural forms and institutions as tools. Such responsibility will be able to take on all the hopes and disasters of the past and present, and still rise joyfully to greet the dawn. Thus, comprehensiveness is also related to the ideas of the gift and pregnancy. 

<|endoftext|>

When talking about concepts, philosophical concepts or the fundamental concepts of a religion or culture, it refers to, for example, substance, cause, virtue, sin. Any discussion of concepts, therefore, will also be a discussion of philosophy, metaphysics, religion etc. Concepts form a system – that is, individual concepts cannot be isolated but must be understood as a whole way of thinking (and living and evaluating), and likewise studied in their historically developing and repeating interconnection. Philosophical concepts are later and dependent upon the underlying values that produce language. Thus, for example, philosophical concepts are governed or generated by the grammar. Even the belief in the validity of concept-formation has philosophical implications. Concepts may also be able to influence those values. When, under the pressure of discoveries or critique, a concept gives way the result is memorably described as a ‘concept- quake’.

<|endoftext|>

About the concept of conditions, it is a  broad contention that nothing is isolated, pure, or unconditional, that is everything is only properly understood in its concrete context and by following the various ‘conditions’ under which it developed and continues to evolve. By ‘cond

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 both thought and its conditions of use. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as primarily unified, and thus primarily human), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield
