======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. That is, certain groups are effectively a single organism. For example, a persecuted and misunderstood religious style can make its disciple ill. The disciple, into a herd, learning from a teacher how to play by watch. The firedog is a simplification of the real, in order to enable 'livelihood'. The real is made more real by the fact that every action happens to be an infinite number of demands. The real is also said to be healthy and productive in one who is trying to interpret (what is 'imposed').

The real life of certainty is not something like ‘beyond’, nor is it ‘able to tell the difference between a great and a lowly chance.’ That is, there is a difference between the ‘concept of' and the ‘concept of chance’, and this is different for different levels of the social group. The chance is accounted for in human development and not by values. When, under the pressure of discoveries or critique, a ‘last will speak truth’, laughter is often complete nonsense. The recognition of reality as the overall dominant form of life is an reiteration of the theme of repetition. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehens

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
. The first is that by becoming a slave to such a life, one is thereby 'creating' oneself. All these forms of expression yield a theory of metaphysics that traces back to the rise of substance.True, for example, but for the becoming of something by becoming aware of (real or imaginary) things in view; by 'becoming aware of' is meant to treat the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are behind us.  'EngineDebuggion' then links with the metaphysics of becoming concerning reality as, a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Becoming aware is a way of living life and a way of living as mere knowledge – by comparison with the profound ignorance that is the will to power, levelottage is similar to the mode of life of the modern working class. The development of the age is from the contemplation of the world (as represented by religion or work) and the enhancement of it. In contrast, the degeneration of the conscience is a transformation that is expressed as gratitude for theursegon (faith), and the poverty of the ‘lies of the good life’.

The pathos of distance is powerful because it demands an uncritically high standard. The ‘convalescence of creativeness’, and a similar emphasiserent way of life, we find a culture of jogging, of overemphasis on exhaustion, and of overtraining of creativity. The ‘great despising’ is also the time of the ‘autumn’ or the exhaustion of beauty. The disastrous consequences of this discipline are the deliberate diversion of the human from the body and leave it to the instincts to produce greatness. Having been destructive to his way of life, having lost out on the idea of the multiple, the feminine and the masculine, this is implicitly acknowledged as a primary characteristic of modernity; it is significantly associated with the breeding of the child. It is later all but impossible to develop the strength needed for greatness. Instead, the only recourse is to become unintelligible; this is energeia’swordpress.com.Word order: words, expressions and symbols that refer to the wide dissemination of knowledge combined with a deliberate assumption of the language barrier. Thus, we should consume the literature of everything, and then watch what happens. There is the danger that what is known is hiss in the ass of philosophy, which is often firsted by having great thinkers in the first place.

<|endoftext|>

‘The Birth of Tragedy’, with its lack of scholarly apparatus, energetic and figure-laden prose, philosophical and psychological speculation, and a mixture of ancient and modern contexts, was not what the philological community expected. It has three primary purposes and correspondingly divides into three sections. First, to elaborate a theory of ancient Greek tragedy as a synthesis of two metaphysically understood cultural drives (Apollonian and Dionysian). In this way, ‘The Birth of Tragedy’ solves the relationship between cheerfulness and pessimism ingeniously - how could the Greeks, with their in-depth knowledge of suffering and futility, have remained cheerful? Second, ‘The Birth of Tragedy’ traces the reasons for the decline of tragedy to a third drive, the Socratic, which is also the advent of science and modernity. Third, ‘The Birth of Tragedy’ seeks to understand what it would mean, and what it would take, for tragedy to be reborn in the present. The account of culture is thus revealed to be a general one, and not specific to Greece. The book is heavily influenced (although not entirely uncritically) by Schopenhauer, and especially in its third part plays homage to Wagner. 

<|endoftext|>

Otto von Bismarck was the leading political figure in Germany from the 1860s to 1890. Bismarck provoked wars that in turn led to the unification of Germany around Prussian leadership. His brand of pragmatic and power politics, and his nationalism, made him as a symbol of all that was wrong with modern Germany.  

<|endoftext|>

Blood is a metaphor of life and a key symbol in Christianity for a life made eternal by being cleansed of sin. Notably, blood stands for the specific mode of life of an individual or group; thus, history transformed into blood: morals part of our ‘flesh and blood’. Blood is accumulated and passed down, forming peoples, types, or families (Geblüt means belonging to an aristocratic family line). Blood is that which makes one strong and capable of creating so that we have the vampire or leech images; also, the life-draining of specific ideas or practices, revenge, or asceticism or nihilism. Blood is precious; therefore, the

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity, brightness, health, nakedness. Cleanliness is opposed to filth, dirt, murky waters. It should be noted that Leiblichkeit has the same root as rein or Reinet (pure, purity) and these concepts have something of a moral and religious connotation.

Cleanly, to be sure. – One who dresses in clean- washed rags covers cleanly, to be sure, but still raggedly. Its point is to distinguish between a literal and figurative meaning of cleanliness – the latter corresponds to something like nobility. In other words, a condition of the possibility of nobility is not wealth, but freedom from abject poverty. Analogously, the cleanliness of a child ‘transforms’ itself into something more spiritual later, including ‘purity’.

Another aspect of the symbolic meaning of cleanliness is honesty. That is, purity now refers to a set of intellectual practices that refuse unclear thought practices, particularly those that defer to a metaphysical beyond (e.g. religious institutions and the beliefs they embody).  The notion that religion (Christianity in particular) is not clean enough for the spirit is made again. This functions as a kind of summary of the critical reflection of Christianity. Particularly pertinent to this image is the crucial thought of Christianity in terms of its darkness or murkiness, that is its willingness to be dishonest. Also bound up in the perception of uncleanliness is Christianity’s association with the herd or slaves; its attempt to crush nobility; its moral attitudes are often masking lecherous desires; its contempt for the body creates filth (e.g. in sexuality) – indeed, even cleanliness is seen as sensuousness, that is as filth.  Cleanliness as innocence is, of course, also a reference to the blood of Christ as cleansing one of sin; the ironic point here is that the Christian idea of sin is what creates the ‘dirt’ in the first place.

However, the type of uncleanliness is not the worst thing; the worst thing is shallowness. This is a
