======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nature and the life of that life, which in turn led to Rousseau’s conception of science and its limits.

<|endoftext|>

Roche’s thought mechanism for divesting one of the ‘semi-historic’ lines of thought—that is, the metaphysical commitments of theism and antichrist’s, although they are metaphysical in nature. This is an extended discussion of both Hume and Kant’s critique of this world and human beings through a different view of consciousness. Also, a brief discussion of theism and atheistic ideas by a third, the ‘closest thing’ to a god, theism, and savior.

Theists and other critics of the ancient world often try to present human existence as somehow arbitrary or subject to cause and effect, but this is not necessarily the case. Theism and Christian metaphysics often presents the whole human being as divinely- directed, but in a grandiose guise. Theism solves this for the first time in the Treatise, defining as eternal soul and third soul as soul and corresponding to several religions (Christianity, Judaism, and then Islam). Ahistful claims to have interrupted this history of philosophy by way of an ‘new metaphysical insight’ that has sought to understand  what is divinely meek and what is immeasurable.

Theism involves the claims to the existence of things by proving that they are an image of their creator, and the claim that these things are entities of which the will is the creator. There are two broad ways of the two things: first, the claim that reality is a denial of the will, to which the second is the claim that reality is a kind of self-imposed image. Here, the claim is that there is no such thing asノ actual reality, no limit or bottom up or anything like that. However, they are also individuals of the number of individuals, and not all members of a herd. Second, there is a metaphysical claim about the will, about what is understood as willed, internal and external grounds, wills and rejects. Also, a moral about the will and value of acts, about which  the New Testament characterisation is perhaps the most famous. 

<|endoftext|>

There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic 'need' of a lower kind: a narcotic to disguise one's discontentment. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is essential to be well disposed towards oneself to avoid one's actions being determined by reaction or ressentiment. Reverence for the self is thus a noble trait.

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus, the inversion of the ancient view that work is contemptible. Significantly, there has a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as generally applicable (i.e. to humanity as a whole), as a primary effect associated with our individual philosophical development, and as productive to the future of the human. An important passage is ‘On the despisers of the body’. The argument is that these despisers’ despising is worthy of respect. However, they are still in some way reactive, or incapable of ‘creating beyond themselves’; their despising is a negation and thus not productive. It is not a ‘loving despising’. Similarly, Zarathustra says to the ‘ape’ who warns him about the great city ‘I despise your despising’ for it

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 nature of cruelty, but it is a narrower meaning. Similarly, human beings in the modern period are men and women in themselves are not capable of continuous growth and change. Instead, this manchest anthropomorphism ascribes to himself only a creative being. When he considers that his ‘ness’ is overlooked, his greatness is finally realized, and his greatness is not diminished but praised – and this is not counting the criticism of the ego—by veneration and cheerfulness. Likewise, it is Paul’s humility that grasps the pride of the modern faith in the immediate and tangible formation of a genuine people.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decadence in the form of a culture of exhaustion that needs stimulation often precipitates a reaction, which is the ‘gathering gloom of the religious-moral pathos’.

Most of the above could serve as an account of the notion of degeneration or corruption also. If there is a distinction to be drawn from decadence, degeneration tends to have a stronger physiological emphasis, and is used more often in specific cases (e.g. the instincts of the criminal,  or the degeneration of individual philosophers), and is sometimes associated particularly with an increasing homogeneity of society (thus ‘herd animal’ ). Corruption, on the other hand, tends in the opposite direction and is associated with the spiritual (‘the corruption of reason’ ) and with the decline of the higher strata of society.

An ageing and over-comfortable society produce either a ‘variation’ into something higher, or degeneration and monstrosity. Corruption is a term applied to the ‘autumn’ of all cultures, and the time of the rise of individuals ‘the seed-bearers of the future’. In other words, decadence is a watershed moment of great danger and promise. Human forms of life can cause both exhaust themselves and degenerate into a herd or mob, or the corruption can blossom into new ways of life and values can be created.

<|endoftext|>

At a stage of human development before the formation of any social order, the primary function of the intellect is deception (‘On Truth and Lies’). Only within a social order is truth-telling or honesty valued. Moreover, the foundation of knowledge lies in a set of simplifications or ‘basic errors’, embedded in our lives as its condition. Therefore, the greatest of philosophers have always had to deceive themselves about both the nature of things and the nature of life. Analogously, at the origin of virtue lies a long period of dissimulation of virtue – this culminates in the identification of utility with something (heroic acts of virtue), and vice versa.  Similar points are made about social relations and friendship. In all these various ways, then, deception is the real foundation of what is typically called virtue. The idea is generalized as the production of states from their opposites. Nevertheless, honesty understood differently is an important concept.

<|

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 nature of language’, as opposed to its metaphysics of language, to communicate a true feeling of significance. Moreover, the concept of meaning in and significance of values, as opposed to merely historical or geopolitical value. Here have various accounts of the origin of the concept of morality; similarly, the idea that specific peoples developed their ideas about how to live, including which aspects of human judgement are 'right'. Likewise, there has been a substantial escalation in the power of the concept of power in modernity, culminating in the power of the state. This is manifested in the prevalence of the nationalism that characterises much European nationalism at the level of the 'right' or 'wrong' to a people, or the morality of exceptionalism. 

<|endoftext|>

There are three critical aspects to the conception about death. The first and most apparent revolves around those values or beliefs that involve a denigration or even rejection of life – either this life (as opposed to the ‘afterlife’) or aspects associated with the living body (sex, passion, pleasure, etc.). A key passage in this regard would be Zarathustra on the ‘preachers of death’. The rejection of life on the part of the ascetic priest is only clear; such asceticism is a means to carry on living despite suffering and degeneration. A related idea is a danger that the philosopher will meet in his or her attempt to overcome values. The death of the tight-rope walker, who made danger his ‘vocation’, is an example. Finally, metaphysics will often involve a conceptual rejection of becoming or a positing of facts and values as eternal. This is often described with metaphors of death: for example, the ‘mummified concepts.

The ‘death of God’ is the second notion. Belief in God – and the values that go with such belief – is no longer possible or relevant within modernity. This is both a liberation but also a crushing blow (for it means that the burden of creating and justifying values falls upon the human). Here, ‘death’ means old, weak, irrelevant, but also historical, transient, and indeed not eternal. 

The third concerns are either the notion of euthanasia or the relation of life to the thought of mortality. Some of the most beautiful passages are pleas for a ‘rational’ or ‘free’ death, one that precisely from out of ‘love of life’ does not allow the body entirely to outlive its usefulness and capacity for action. The thought of death should mix a drop of ‘foolishness’ into life, rather than gloom; this is partly because, without the need to come rapidly to a judgement about the significant issues for the sake of one’s eternal soul, the thought of our mortality frees us to have time for experimentation, and even for mistakes. Individuals should have more reasons to focus on life and joy in life rather than death.

<|endoftext|>

The term of decadence with similar meanings include 'degeneration' and 'corruption'. 'Decadent' was a term of abuse used by French neo-classical or conservative critics against the romanticism of painters like Delacroix or novelists such as Hugo. Later, writers like Baudelaire adopted the term as their own, using it to express scepticism towards many dominant moral or political values. The usage of the word 'decadence' late in the late nineteenth centuries has represented the concepts of corruption, decline or degeneration date. Baudelaire is termed 'a typical decadency', and all references to him associate him with Wagner (Baudelaire was one of Wagner's champions in France). So, the meaning of 'decadence' is any period of cultural history – or any state of the human organism – which has lost its good taste and value judgement  (thus it is associated with pity; with Kantian duty; with Schopenhauer's quieting of the will), health and sureness of instinct, discipline and sense of a future. It is to be associated either with the decline of old cultures or with moral revolutions.

The Kantian and Platonic-Christian metaphysical distinction between appearance and ‘true world’ is termed a ‘sign of decadence’. For all these reasons at Christianity is called a ‘monster of decadence’. Decadent cultures are exhausted cultures, and such cultures often exhibit a pathological over-sensitivity; indeed, often an inability not to respond, lacking the strength to inhibit one’s passions. Alternatively, the decadent culture can manifest itself as a craving for stimulation (for the voluptuous, the exotic, the dangerous). Importantly, this desire for stimulation is a symptom and not a cause – as those who react ascetically against such stimulation believe. Thus, decad
