======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 importantly, the discipline involved in the method, such as the ‘discipline of spirit’; likewise, the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’ of history.

The word discipline is the same as that which is translated ‘breeding’ – and indeed, the concepts are related since, in both, there is a deliberate choice and harsh pruning. Likewise, the idea of education is often discussed in this connection.  At the same time, discipline without the accompaniment of nobility or good taste can be a disaster. Accordingly, discipline as the turning of one’s cruel instincts onto oneself is a crucial aspect of the description of the origin of ‘bad conscience’. 

<|endoftext|>

'Distance' appoints the separation or independence of things. Zarathustra is still 'distant' from the people in the marketplace, for they do not understand him; again, if he has pity, then it is 'from a distance' so as not to humiliate the pitied. An associated idea is that distance characterizes a longing for ideas that lie beyond the currently existing forms of the human (e.g. 'Too long have I. Investigated the distance'). In a manner akin to Buddhism, Jesus refuses to place happiness or the ideal at a distance – that is in a transcendent deity or an unfulfillable promise. 

The most famous usage of the metaphor of distance is in the expression 'pathos of distance.' Indeed, a distinction is implied between 'distant' and the more general Ferne, employing the former when he wants to draw attention primarily to 'rank'. The relevant sense of distance is that of insisting upon real distinctions among individuals or groups (mainly between types or classes), and the value of these for the health and growth of human life (it is thus related to height or 'separation'). Even among his or her peers, even in acts of obedience, the noble person stays independent, not forming part of a 'herd'.  This distance is not just a state, but a 'pathos' – that is, a kind of effect. The effect is a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Pathos falls under this category but is not something that could be called incidental or fleeting; by 'pathos.' An effect is meant that is a defining characteristic of a way of life. The pathos of distance, therefore, stands for a defining characteristic of the noble, part and parcel of his or her self-respect and sense of right. Likewise, some things should be apprehended only from a distance, because then their image can inspire. However, such a pathos against, primarily, Christianity, which abolishes distances (except for the absurd distance of transcendence), making everyone equal, cutting any possibility of reverence among humans. Besides, the pathos of distance is significant because it represents a condition of health in the human which in turn makes a 'more mysterious pathos', namely for new possibilities of human life and growth. Likewise, those noble types who feel the pathos of distance have overall responsibility for the future.

<|endoftext|>

Distress is an affective state experienced as an emergency: something vitally important is (or will be) wrong or missing. It is also used to describe conditions of suffering or poverty. Its philosophical significance lies in the conception that certain instances of distress are needed for life to overcome itself. The narrative begins when Zarathustra hears a ‘cry of distress’ and is tempted by pity for the higher humans. For the recognition of, and responding to, distress lies at the origin of the standard or ordinary. Likewise, there has a magnificent tension of the spirit and nihilism, which is experienced as distress. Rather than anaesthetizing that distress, the aim here is to release the tension in pursuit of new forms of human life. Other relevant passages elaborating on this idea include: the ‘highly spiritual’ will feel a delight over and above all the distress of a problem, psychology must overcome distress – an ‘unconscious resistance’ – to ideas of the reciprocal dependence of excellent and wicked, or celebrated Greek characteristics were not ‘natural’, but products of a need. The expression ‘ turning of need’ got repeated many times that turning is a reference to eternal recurrence,

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 importantly, these conditions would allow a reader to understand the information delivered by the writer.

Furthermore, many effects that have traditionally been devalued (such as lust or envy) are nevertheless not merely necessary aspects of life, but even essential conditions of it. A similar point is made about even the ‘rabble’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to declare the whole course of life in it becoming up to and through himself, says ‘The time has flowed past when accidents could still befall me’. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 importantly, to develop new values means to create new things. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially in contrast to the specialization typical of modern intellectual life. It is related to the idea of the multiple (the human soul is various), and to the wanderer who has no fixed cultural home and sees and takes part in much. Comprehensiveness also describes the various abilities, all separately developed in human prehistory, that needed to come together to make the thinker. Analogously, it either links to the emergence of the comprehensive ‘individual’ who can live ‘beyond’ the morality of some old, decaying culture. The philosopher must be able to see with many eyes, to view things from many perspectives; to develop this ability of  ‘brief habits’—similarly, the ability to function concerning both science and other aspects of culture.

Comprehensiveness is thus a feature of a future philosophical nobility, to be distinguished from the nobility of a narrowly perfected culture, as well as from the anti-culture of the historical sense. This historical sense is a kind of comprehensiveness but without discrimination, without any setting of limits. Such an ideal requires dangerous experiences to enable judgements about the value of modes of life. Greatness is judged in fact by the ability for comprehensiveness. Comprehensiveness thus describes a height that is not that of abstraction and represents an overall responsibility for the development of the human, and which can use a wide variety of cultural forms and institutions as tools. Such responsibility will be able to take on all the hopes and disasters of the past and present, and still rise joyfully to greet the dawn. Thus, comprehensiveness is also related to the ideas of the gift and pregnancy. 

<|endoftext|>

When talking about concepts, philosophical concepts or the fundamental concepts of a religion or culture, it refers to, for example, substance, cause, virtue, sin. Any discussion of concepts, therefore, will also be a discussion of philosophy, metaphysics, religion etc. Concepts form a system – that is, individual concepts cannot be isolated but must be understood as a whole way of thinking (and living and evaluating), and likewise studied in their historically developing and repeating interconnection. Philosophical concepts are later and dependent upon the underlying values that produce language. Thus, for example, philosophical concepts are governed or generated by the grammar. Even the belief in the validity of concept-formation has philosophical implications. Concepts may also be able to influence those values. When, under the pressure of discoveries or critique, a concept gives way the result is memorably described as a ‘concept- quake’.

<|endoftext|>

About the concept of conditions, it is a  broad contention that nothing is isolated, pure, or unconditional, that is everything is only properly understood in its concrete context and by following the various ‘conditions’ under which it developed and continues to evolve. By ‘conditions’ are meant historical period, culture, values, language or psychological forces, or education and other institutions. Pity – in the form of protective institutions like hospitals, or the various other instruments in the hands of the ascetic priest – becomes a mechanism for preserving suffering and decadent forms of life from the conditions that otherwise might destroy them. By way of contrast, the opposite views about the broadly ascetic practices – selective withdrawal from certain present conditions – consider that it is a condition of a philosopher’s development. Similarly, the situations under which new and enhanced forms of the human might arise – and specifying these conditions is the content of the treatments of institutions like education or marriage. Also, these conditions would allow a reader to understand the information delivered
