======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 values. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 values. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value in

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 values. These two usages are not in contradiction but are a recognition of the amoral truth that not all battles can be fought in the open, with displays of force. 

<|endoftext|>

There is the idea of eternal recurrence in 'cycle'. Also, on a broad historical scale, there are repeated patterns of the formation of cultural forms of life, their corruption, the emergence of individuals and a slave revolution. In the life of the philosopher, there is a cycle of creative overflowing, followed by a period of exhaustion or convalescence; or, similarly, the investigation of dangerous and ugly topics, followed by 'running out into the sunlight'; likewise, Zarathustra repeatedly goes down and then up to his mountains. The symbols of feminine and masculine are also used as a means of exploring this idea. Finally, religious fervour is found with Folie circularize – Falter's phrase for what is now called manic depression or bipolar disorder – in its alternation of feelings of ecstatic redemption followed by severe penitence. Metaphorically, night and day, the seasons of the year, and the life cycle of organisms (the cycle of growth and reproduction, or of life and death) are employed to illustrate such cycles – along with associated mythical allusions, such as the life of Dionysus.

<|endoftext|>

Dance is defined as a display of strength and agility, but one that is graceful, as if only a sign of still further reserves of strength and agility, which the description could also be of the noble. The ancient Greeks lived dancelike in this sense; dialogue in Sophocles has this character. Dance thus serves as an analogy for Dionysian insight apprehended calmly in an Apollonian vision; for the overcoming of shame in the healthy and beautiful body; likewise, for the conception of freedom of will as self-determination, taking leave of certainty and dancing beside the abyss – this notion should recall the tight rope ‘dancer’; and generally as the ideal of philosophy, which needs to be able to work with both science and art, accomplished in both but constrained by neither, even though this means an absolute inevitable scientific ignorance. German philosophers got criticised, for whom thinking is nothing like dancing, struggling without a ‘finger for nuance’. Wagner is found – and implicitly criticised – for moving music away from dance and its ideal of self-possession even amidst emotional enthusiasm.

Zarathustra walks like a dancer, a sign of the self-overcoming during his long sojourn in the mountains. ‘The Dance Song’ is explicitly there to advocate against the ‘spirit of gravity’, the enemy of anyone who would seek to overcome such burdens. In accord with this conception of dance, we have the famous lines ‘one must have chaos within one still to give birth to a dancing star’, and ‘I would only believe in a God who knew how to dance’. To the latter is contrasted the discontented God who created an ‘eternally imperfect’ world – that is a world characterised by illusion, suffering and dependence. Such a god suffers and, in revenge, wants to make suffering. The dancing god, on the other hand, is Dionysus. Both are projections of human ideals, but the latter is of a healthy form of human life and one aligned to the nature of life as will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The idea of danger is employed in several interconnected ways. First, the danger is the ‘mother of morality’. That is, moral systems and other forms of values arise to fix in place a working social arrangement, one that offers stability and security to the group. Second, though, this same stability itself endangers the health or growth of life. So, the priestly type is ‘a dangerous form of human existence’, and likewise, the good and righteous are the ‘greatest danger to all human future’. Third, those factors that are a specific danger to the development of a philosopher (specialization, intellectual conscience, or the need to revalue those values assigned to live). For an earlier example, see also the ‘three dangers’ that confronted Schopenhauer. Similarly, there is the danger attached to philosophical knowledge itself. That is, if absolute falsehoods or simplifications are a condition of life, then bringing these into question will be a danger both to the questioner and to existing forms of human life. Accordingly, the passage to the ‘over human’ will be a ‘dangerous across’, and Zarathustra praises the tight-rope walker for making ‘danger your vocation’. The image of the tight-rope walker brings us to the fourth meaning: danger as a duty.  Therefore, we should live dangerously, risking and having to lose ourselves and
