======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 not a goal in and of itself, but as a means – namely an economic one: thus, the historical self-overcoming of religion must be prevented from the ground. Such a new form of life would belong to the old, or at least to the former. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life, and future, but also of the existence of an infinite number of things. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a course, but the validity of the ways of life that we humans we are, and also the diversity of life forms. It is thus a way of thinking about the impossibility of a creative will to the observations, or the observation of age, in their destructiveness.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence is the second notion of thought. If we think eternal recurrence as a fixed number of wanderer seeking, there exist in the whole course of history a certain variety of people and things who are incapable of continuous flow of such thinking. Likewise, at the level of an ability to create beyond oneself, individuation, or simplification, then individuation is again a test of the ability of an individual to become more like the gods. In general, individuation is associated with the Greek way of nobility or the bad intellectual. It is also associated with the Christian way of life. In all these cases, an individuation of the masculine and feminine, as ‘mane’.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of chance is not, as one might have expected, primarily in the context of a discussion of physics or metaphysics. In these contexts, the much more common problem is the relationship between law, calculability, and necessity. The concept of chance reveals a vital ambiguity. On the one hand, history broadly and the life of an individual are subject to chance, meaning that there is no visible or comprehensible necessity and no repetition of events. Moreover, existence is characterized by chance in a grander sense: without overall or original purpose or meaning. Thus, even necessity has a chance-like character to it, since that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 not an absence of discipline. Equally importantly, the sense of power is something different from intuition, as the senses require an absolute set of values to evaluate as reliable. This way of thinking overlaps with the first, above.  Jesus is characterised as a kind of Buddhist, whose teachings were catastrophically misinterpreted by Paul. Paul’s notion of the impossibility of virtue and the need for revenge against the law. Here have various accounts of the origin of the concept of sin; similarly, the idea of debt or guilt when raised to its highest point, necessitated Christianity’s stroke of genius: The God sacrificed.

Third, it is about the positive contribution that Christianity – despite its explicit aims – has had. Christianity involves a powerful cultural drive to produce greatness in the form of the saint (although its association with the modern state corrupted this). Similarly, Christianity provided human beauty and refinement. In Uruguay, the Christian drama Godadour is based on biblical circumstances, as a kind of allegory – and thus also explicitly an allegory about Wagner’s Ring of the Ring. The human post-god are thus supplanted by the deity Dionysus, who offers the sage wisdom and courage but also the virtue and the beauty.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of the impotence of 'City' can be found in 'antiquarian' history, which is associated with cities. Such account at best serves life only as preservation and not creation but, at worst, 'mummifies' life. The city is also associated with the 'mob'. It is thus a place where wisdom is all but impossible. Therefore, calling for a revision of the standard architecture of large cities to ensure 'places for reflection' is quite vital. The city becomes a metaphor for a desire to depict, even in art, the ugly side of life.

<|endoftext|>

The terms ‘classes’ or ‘castes’ mean recognised and persistent differences between whole sections of a society in terms of political, economic, or social value and power, and attendant behaviours. There are two broad ways of analysing class: either it arises because of external circumstance, or because of intrinsic nature. Liberals and socialists tend to take the former view: in themselves, all human beings are of equal value and equal ability, but historical accidents left one group with certain privileges and characteristics. In socialism, this situation is considered unjust and is to be set right through revolution. The key figures here are Marx and Engels. For liberalism, the given case may be regarded as acceptable provided reforms yield ‘equality of opportunity’. Essential historical data here are Hobbes, Rousseau, and Mill. As far as the Reformation involved criticism of the grip of the priestly class over the religious life of all humans, who are in themselves equal before God, then Luther too should be mentioned. The intrinsic view, on the other hand, claims that there are real differences between individuals and groups, and these mean that the existing class order is broadly natural and beneficial. These differences may be supposed to have arisen historically, biologically or be divinely sanctioned, among other explanations. Key figures would include Burke and Carlyle, as well as Catholic defenders of the church hierarchy.

The two elements of which modernity is most proud are incompatible. Science and culture require a ‘scholarly’ or ‘aristocratic’ class which has leisure. This leisure can only arise at the expense of a ‘slave’ class, and this is in direct contradiction of the dominant modern belief in liberal values of equality and democracy. Thus, the function of a class is not ossified, and the working classes also offer the greatest hope for the formation of a genuine people. 

Both biological types and historical circumstances are temporary instruments available to a people – and behind any people, life itself – to further those ends necessary to the people or life. These ends include survival, no doubt, but more importantly, the enhancement and expression of power. A class system is, then, for as long as it serves these ends – regardless of whether its origin happens to be intrinsic or extrinsic. Historically, from out of these hierarchies, moral values and religious ideals were developed, either as images of the distinctive virtues of the various classes, especially the highest – or in reaction against them (the slave revolt in morality). Thus, any deliberate attempt at the creation of new morals must involve a change of class structure. Often, a system of values will outlive the class structure from which it arose. A future in which the necessity of class differences will be appreciated and welcomed, and a new ‘caste’ of cultural leaders will appear. The existence of such healthy differences among individuals or groups is felt as the pathos of distance.

<|endoftext|>

Any number of other symbols may refer to this concept of cleanliness, such as fresh air, clarity

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 not one's own, and indeed not founded upon anything. The cloud has no symbolic meaning. If the Dionysian has reappeared in modernity, then the Greek sense of the Apollonian must also have appeared. There the theatrical practice of disguising behind a ‘cloud’ the ropes and pulleys of stage apparatus alludes that things (e.g. a character being a god) are made to appear. This is known as the due’s ex Machina. However, this cloud is also an allusion to the Apollonian ‘cocooned itself away’; this cloud is also a cocoon. In addition, the cloud is that which obscures, or which is neither one thing nor another. The cloud is also, of course, the source of lightning either because it is elevated or because it is interpreted as fearful.

<|endoftext|>

To comfort is to ease suffering, whether physical or spiritual. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts. Such lousy communication leads to scepticism and atheism; it, thus, drives to the death of God.

<|endoftext|>

Comprehensiveness is a concept without a single term to name it. Comprehensiveness describes an individual who encompasses and can employ a variety of different states, drives or types of knowledge. Thus, comprehensiveness stands especially
