======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 notion of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 notion of chance reapplies also to ideas about power and the role of cruelty in human affairs. However, the cat is incapable of giving, reciprocity or love. In all these cases, friendship is the only way of saying yes to oneself, and vice versa. As such, the cat is a crucial analogy for internalization, the opinions of or relationships to others becoming part of one’s identity. The domestication of the other culture starched to the point where it is impossible to express or reinforce one’s opinion with words. The cat is also keyed in against one’s previous opinion, by serving to reintegrate it into the body. The domestication of the other culture must also be understood as the revaluation of the Christian concept of soul. The concept of mythic symbols in the soul is an example of the 'reverse appearance of God' that is Plato'. Through re-analysing the development of the concept of soul, the notion of a 'god' is posited that is not fundamentally real but is instead an evaluation of some physiological state. According to this view, the soul is a crucial piece of communication 'external to one’s alignment to fate', and thus also 'external to' a sense of having a 'pathos' (i.e. 'training' or 'intellectual apparatus'). The latter would be a 'blend ofalities' – differences of opinion, or to be more specific, differences about values. One relevant distinction among other things: on the one hand, concern with the value of human life, and particularly of the state, and especially of life. This 'pathos of distance' is not unegoistic or anything like a saying about values. On the other hand, 'identity itself is a metaphorical vehicle for the a priori characteristics of life, or the causes that create or develop character. Likewise, my 'interests' are not things for which there is a direct relation; rather, their validity is tested by the fact that they are often false. A distinction between me and that which is considered as a 'great' is crucial; likewise, the hidden implication of theism with science and other such  high things. A related notion is that of the discipline of soul – how is it possible for the body to function without the will to power? Thus, 'identity' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts like 'vernier' or 'modern' culture production. It is suitable as much substitute for 'knowledge' of real things if at the same time preserving and accelerating their rate of development. That is, the ascetic ideal is a 'recruiting' of the 'innocence' of the weak and ill into the herd. The firedog is noisy, spectacular, but irrelevant – and thus like the socialist revolution and similar events. The critical moments are quiet, creative of values. Zarathustra tells the story of a traveller accidentally stepping on a sleeping dog, making enemies of those who could be friends.

<|endoftext|>

The term dream is used to characterize the Apollonian. The critical distinction here is not between dreaming and being awake; the dream is employed to understand a certain domain of culture, and particularly of art. The dream is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of preservation and our need to justify our existence and our values. The dream is not merely an illusion – we can be aware of ourselves dreaming – but the validity of the beautiful forms that we dream are derived from their role in our health and our preservation, and not in their truth-speaking. In a general psychological theory of the dream, dreams are the way to make sense of stimuli through a retrospective ascription of causation. But this precisely is how we live our waking lives also. The analysis changes focus, to dreams as the space in which our drives act or realize themselves; again, this is like waking life.

Moreover, not only is waking life not a great deal different from dreams but that, to the extent that we insist on it being so, this is a sign of weakness or degeneracy. Waking life is the domain in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance, even dream appearance, is again not contrasted to some straight-forward relationship to that which is true. Instead, 'appearance is the acting and living itself' – adjectives without an 'x' that they are adjectives of. 'Dream' thus becomes an essential element within the analysis of

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 notion of the synthetic, synthetic, or akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’ of history.

The word discipline is the same as that which is translated ‘breeding’ – and indeed, the concepts are related since, in both, there is a deliberate choice and harsh pruning. Likewise, the idea of education is often discussed in this connection.  At the same time, discipline without the accompaniment of nobility or good taste can be a disaster. Accordingly, discipline as the turning of one’s cruel instincts onto oneself is a crucial aspect of the description of the origin of ‘bad conscience’. 

<|endoftext|>

'Distance' appoints the separation or independence of things. Zarathustra is still 'distant' from the people in the marketplace, for they do not understand him; again, if he has pity, then it is 'from a distance' so as not to humiliate the pitied. An associated idea is that distance characterizes a longing for ideas that lie beyond the currently existing forms of the human (e.g. 'Too long have I. Investigated the distance'). In a manner akin to Buddhism, Jesus refuses to place happiness or the ideal at a distance – that is in a transcendent deity or an unfulfillable promise. 

The most famous usage of the metaphor of distance is in the expression 'pathos of distance.' Indeed, a distinction is implied between 'distant' and the more general Ferne, employing the former when he wants to draw attention primarily to 'rank'. The relevant sense of distance is that of insisting upon real distinctions among individuals or groups (mainly between types or classes), and the value of these for the health and growth of human life (it is thus related to height or 'separation'). Even among his or her peers, even in acts of obedience, the noble person stays independent, not forming part of a 'herd'.  This distance is not just a state, but a 'pathos' – that is, a kind of effect. The effect is a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Pathos falls under this category but is not something that could be called incidental or fleeting; by 'pathos.' An effect is meant that is a defining characteristic of a way of life. The pathos of distance, therefore, stands for a defining characteristic of the noble, part and parcel of his or her self-respect and sense of right. Likewise, some things should be apprehended only from a distance, because then their image can inspire. However, such a pathos against, primarily, Christianity, which abolishes distances (except for the absurd distance of transcendence), making everyone equal, cutting any possibility of reverence among humans. Besides, the pathos of distance is significant because it represents a condition of health in the human which in turn makes a 'more mysterious pathos', namely for new possibilities of human life and growth. Likewise, those noble types who feel the pathos of distance have overall responsibility for the future.

<|endoftext|>

Distress is an affective state experienced as an emergency: something vitally important is (or will be) wrong or missing. It is also used to describe conditions of suffering or poverty. Its philosophical significance lies in the conception that certain instances of distress are needed for life to overcome itself. The narrative begins when Zarathustra hears a ‘cry of distress’ and is tempted by pity for the higher humans. For the recognition of, and responding to, distress lies at the origin of the standard or ordinary. Likewise, there has a magnificent tension of the spirit and nihilism, which is experienced as distress. Rather than anaesthetizing that distress, the aim here is to release the tension in pursuit of new forms of human life. Other relevant passages elaborating on this idea include: the ‘highly spiritual’ will feel a delight over and above all the distress of a problem, psychology must overcome distress into a function of the patient and the philosopher, and the philosopher must be patient with the bird. The expression ‘ turning of need’ got repeated many times that turning is a reference to eternal recurrence, as well as meaning ‘transforming’ (it may also be an allusion to spiritual orientation in Plato and especially Plotinus). So, for a being capable of aligning itself with the will to power and incorporating the notion of eternal recurrence, distress is transformed into a necessity, into a
