======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 itself, also passes through a third force or passion: energeia. It is employed with many features of the myths and cultural practices associated with Dionysus, either as anthropological reference points, or as symbols: the association with grapevines, wine and intoxication; the association both with harvest and with spring, and thus both with plenty and with sexuality; the fact that the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or seduces humanity to growth and health. The original ideas of Apollonian and Dionysian, rather than distinct drives, are thought of as moments within the overall creative and destructive cycle of Dionysus. Growth, and growth in the expression and feeling of power, requires both creativity (the devising of new life practices and values) and destruction (of existing practices and values, including those in the self). Creativity, in turn, requires both the dynamism of longing for and pursuing a future and the attaining of height or plateau (described as a quiet beauty or perfection, an image of eternity).

In contrast, destruction requires both scholarly or scientific attention and a ‘cruel’ will to overcome. The ability simultaneously and joyfully to affirm all the aspects of Dionysian reality is what is at stake in an eternal recurrence. Therefore, the coexistence of both the creativeness and destructiveness are necessary. Regardless, we should think of Dionysus as an ideal, or personification, of the longing humanity should feel for its growth and overcoming, as well as the longing of life for the health of its highest products. Therefore, Ariadne is the figurehead (and mother) of the humanity that so longs; and, the character of Zarathustra is effectively a portrait of this Dionysian ideal. 

<|endoftext|>

The allusion to the disciples of Jesus is unavoidable, and Zarathustra considers the appropriate strategy would be to acquire ‘disciples. Indeed, the best kind of disciple is one who can remain ‘faithful’ to him or herself and even attack an idea to make it stronger. Therefore, calling oneself a ‘disciple’ of Dionysus, this is a way of thinking about one’s relationship to an ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Certain kinds of growth or creativity only take place under strict rules or harsh conditions. Where creativity is an overcoming, creativity needs opposition (agon). If external resistance is not to be found – a rival or enemy, a precarious situation – one must impose such resistances upon oneself, likewise, in modern music after Wagner. A related notion is that of the discipline involved in the method, such as the ‘discipline of spirit’; likewise, the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 itself.  Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming (in the narrower sense of historical analysis) poses a challenge to values that presented themselves as unchanging, so the metaphysical thought of becoming poses a challenge to all values, to value as such. It is thus one factor contributing to nihilism, and a form of life that can experience joy in becoming is an essential new ideal. Sixth, there are several incomplete attempts from the mid-1880s on to produce a metaphysical argument that relates the concept of becoming to eternal recurrence. At least, eternal recurrence is a way of thinking about value

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 itself, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. Contrasted to higher culture is one based on various forms of physical or spiritual narcotization or making ill (the ‘madhouses of culture’). It is this lack of a future, a lack of awareness that there could or should be future possibilities, that causes deeply disturbing.

<|endoftext|>

In the beginning, Zarathustra calls himself ‘cunning’ when he refuses to reveal that he is using the honey as bait for the higher men. Such cunning, that is, has entered the philosopher’s ‘fishing tackle’ as serving his or her comprehensive responsibility for the development of humans into the future. This becomes explicit that where ‘perhaps’ cunning provides more favourable conditions than scholarship for the development of the philosopher – and again, the following section where cunning is the ‘kindness’ behind the mask. 

Cunning is also associated with the ability to find a way to preserve a diseased or decadent life. These two usages are not in contradiction but are a recognition of the amoral truth that not all battles can be fought in the open, with displays of force. 

<|endoftext|>

There is the idea of eternal recurrence in 'cycle'. Also, on a broad historical scale, there are repeated patterns of the formation of cultural forms of life, their corruption, the emergence of individuals and a slave revolution. In the life of the philosopher, there is a cycle of creative overflowing, followed by a period of exhaustion or convalescence; or, similarly, the investigation of dangerous and ugly topics, followed by 'running out into the sunlight'; likewise, Zarathustra repeatedly goes down and then up to his mountains. The symbols of feminine and masculine are also used as a means of exploring this idea. Finally, religious fervour is found with Folie circularize – Falter's phrase for what is now called manic depression or bipolar disorder – in its altern
