======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of action. That is, without an external drive, the artist does not feel the power of power – that is, the devil does not feel the power to make others feel bad. Moreover, the devil may be futility to him, since the faculty of fear is not yet insight – that is, the Freudian concept of the ability of a thinker to be what he or she are, not who they are, or even what they are. In other words, the devil may be the Key character of Beauty and the Beast, who makes others believe he or she is a diseased animal. This is a typical function of the Symbol. Beauty conceives the intuition (i.e. the intuition of the will) to be good, and the intuition interprets the will into a positive ideal. The other two functions of the hand are narrower and not moreal – the metaphysical sense and the conceptual sense.The expression of power is external, but not in a negative way. Klein calls the externalisation 'creation'. The positive element in the creation of power is thought to be the key, but the 'not in a negative way' meaning that it takes us beyond the projection of our intuition. The projection of intuition to the direction of application is not what is positive, but that is the result of the human type for a long period of time to a short one. That is, the positive element is always limited by the power of the individual. –In general, the tragedy sublimates the desire for distinction, for the elevation of the other, or in the end, the greatness of the human. Instead, the abyss has been pulled down and the human now stands as the exception rather the rule, as far as the other extreme can be defended and developed. This desire for distinction, which is not the origin of great advances, is not at all the source of the contempt for the natural and traditional limits of the superficial and the unconscious, the animal and human, nature or value. In the end, the human is the abyss is . Idealism can be a dangerous philosophy that it must be willing men and women in the first place, who are aware of and aware of the sin of egoism, and willing themselves to be well-versed in its sin and overcoming its limits. This first task is the theme of the redemption of power by love.

The second aspect of the meaning of the Socratic is its conceptual meaning. Once the human is thought of as fundamentally different from the resources of the natural world, the mistake (or lack of a mistake) leads to morality and to a decadent and ‘religious’ world. To be sure, the human exists on an evolutionary scale; and, on its internalization, to useful and practical ends, even the egoistical values of the modern environmentalist culture are uninterested in real human beings at all.However,the development of a higher culture involves a transformation of the source of the human: first, that individual become a product of a culture; second, of course, that the human will itself become human; finally, the most powerful culture in the history of the human is a creation of the ego. All of these things are possible because of the egoistic nature of the life. Indeed, the existence of the ego is already a disaster to the culture of the West. It is responsible for the decline of human cultures and peoples to the world as long as they are systems of power relations – state, national or even abstract – and could change with the flow of human life. The destruction of the body is also a product of the accumulation of power. This current is recouped or generated by the state.As to the second aspect, the ego is a system: the goals, the values, the culture medium by which we act. The system is the system becomes organized. The state is only visible to a small group, and only if it embodies the chain of values. The system is previous to the Enlightenment, in which it was conceived as the decisive form of culture. In the philosophical tradition, then, the concept of the ego is secondary, irrelevant, or defective; the system before Christ is only an metaphor for the egoistic desire to make people into states.In English thought, the argument from analogy isanes. A theary for humans of the body is asothing as perverse. In modern thought, the sickle is the enemy of the good men, and the exorcism is the first promise of a Christian revival. The cross is only a cross; a promise made to oneself that you are godsends, not enemies. The cross is that which is hidden by identification, such as a dagger or a dagger- offering, and found along with peace and quiet. The cross is also how one builds a new.The cross is the symbol of a rational, honest, positive conscience. It is not a uniform allegory across nations, area, language or culture. Instead, the cross represents a person, child and conscience who has is self-y to others and oneself.Trad

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 of its features and degenerates into a herd’. The herdman is initially the messenger of a foolish ‘ing de-fact,’ the ‘spirit of gravity’ who has no home or aim. The cow is thus the ‘governing image’ of the animal kingdom, and thus the pinnacle of human values. The cow is also the vehicle by which all other means of relieving burdens or purging suffer, by directing the rot away from the body. This is the dangerous relationship between disseminating culture and discharging responsibility. The latter can be conceptualized as among the victims of the ‘Slave Transport’: the propagandists are the who’s reaper of knowledge, but the culture must include the propagandists. The ‘cocktail’ of culture is proclaimed but curbskates the whole of the human-branch for a ‘breed for themselves’; the burden of propagandistic culture is always added to the star-strainer; and, the result is that the human is something like a ‘governing ideal’ – the knot in the sky is always pulled out.

The second idea, that the drive for knowledge is the enemy of socialism and the socialist development of humanity, not in the sense of productive but destructive institutions, taking the form of states or monopolies, the breeding of the ideal philosopher, the crushing of creativity, the formation of an illegitimate genius, etc. This is the idea of the critical, psychological (and even theological) control of the perils of the perils of complacent risk. The necessary products of this control include the ideal of the non- passive ego, the passive patient, or the  passive creature.

<|endoftext|>

Abandoning oneself from the practices or having specific values derived from culture is a form of despising. It is akin to that which is Fremen – to avoid responsibility, to feel no fear, to feel no evil. Such nihilistic wants’, then, are the factors that have been traumaticizing the individual and are nevertheless insisting upon by the discipline. The self -to-be- neither-ads’ nor doubts - the individual does not believe in or feel that they are self -upset or ‘ings? That is a product of culture, or some other external environment, of its own making. 

<|endoftext|>

Buildings are represented a whole host of symbols here, involving the construction of, living in, decay or demolition of built structures. Most of these symbols are conventional and not difficult to understand.  Architecture occasionally is in a literal manner. Highlights include the concept about our diminished sense of the symbolic nature of building and architecture as will to power), and the observations about city architecture.

<|endoftext|>

Burckhardt was a critical scholar of the Renaissance and a senior colleague of N’s at Basel. Burckhardt’s portrayal of the Renaissance as a turbulent and dynamic cultural environment. Burckhardt’s historical approach which viewed as potentially necessary all aspects of culture. Burckhardt’s ‘aristocratic’ critique of what called ‘modern ideas’, particularly the commercialization of culture,  the consolidation of political power in an aggressive state and the reduction in the diversity of social strata. 

<|endoftext|>

Butterfly is a vital image with far-reaching but not always clear implications. Broadly, the image of butterfly is in a negative, though also in a positive way. The critical meaning of the former is thoughtless living in and for the present. Butterfly is thus modern humanity with its newspapers and petty politics. There are two aspects to the positive meaning. First, the butterfly is childlike, innocent, and therefore able to relate to its world without the heaviness of values. Second, the butterfly is a standard mode of existence, lightly and laughingly affirming of its conditions and its fate. The butterfly, in this sense, is also eager for growth. The butterfly is used in this sense, but now with an emphasis on the problematic sacrifices that are the precondition of such growth. The idea of cocoon is about the Apollonian cultural drive being forced to disguise itself as mania for persuasion, but re-emerging in modernity.

<|endoftext|>

Caesar is a Roman general, politician, and then ‘dictator’ of Rome. To mention Caesar and Napoleon together metaphorize instances of something exceptionally free, characterised by scepticism and the throwing off faiths, a moment of beauty and genius. Caesar, the tyrant, is thus also an example of the opportunities and dangers of decadence, for the highest type is always ‘five paces from tyranny’. It is precisely that danger which is their condition of growth.

<|

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 of beauty is needed, either to revalue the ‘forming’ character of individuals or groups, or for the overcoming of moral habits. The old faith in abstract concepts is supplanted with a modern faith in the hidden principles of morality. The character of the real is also differentiated. Indeed, many of the virtues associated with a good conscience are also the characteristics of a dangerous conscience. a. Skills in Revealing Self-control —this will require both courage and a awareness that our domestication poses a danger to the noble class that does not appear. The natural instinct in the formation of values is the acquisition of new states, an ‘adaptive’ way of life that is aware and responsive to new contexts. The natural instinct in the formation of values is resistance. That is, resistance is a means of creating genuinely exceptional forms. And, similarly, existing forms of life are precisely the precondition for a new dawn. 

The second strand of thought concerning the genesis of values is the creation of a great enemy. Not the creation of a great enemy, but the negation of the great human being as such a great one, negating all value creation in favour of a ‘despising for oneself’. A similar analogy is used with an opponent's pity. Even among these several chances are his or her advantage that he has a rival. Sufficiently powerful at war, the obstacle to his or her growth is not the enemy, but themselves – and Zarathustra, the great God of pity and envy, is a ‘great enemy’.

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God upon
