======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the late eighteenth century on, albeit accompanied by several misunderstandings. Schopenhauer finds in the accounts of dukkha (suffering) and the meaninglessness of action support for his pessimism; likewise, in Buddhism, he finds the ‘solution’ to suffering in the renunciation of will. Buddhism is to be praised for its lack of theism and pursuit of the otherworldly, and its freedom from ressentiment. On both these grounds, the primary purpose oficals is to explore theality and wisdom of action; alternatively, it is about the nuance of the noble attempt to redeem oneself through deliberation and reason in the realm of effects and effects-in-itself.

The concept of effects has other relevant uses, some of which are as following to its foundation. First, effects as the mechanism by which culture interprets and produces good. Thus, the concern with the ‘intellectual conscience’, which specifies a suitable instrument for this purpose. Second, the discipline of philology or metaphysics, which is a devising of a ‘new enemy’: a belief in the value of pity, or in the value of custom, or in the value of malice. Third, the theme of the genesis of action, which is about the disinterest in the genuinely common cause.

<|endoftext|>

Animal defers to tier, and with different connotations, Bestie. In general, it is the figure of animality to describe aspects of the human, for example, virtues, vices, drives or types. Sometimes, however, there will be a unique twist or inversion of meanings or values.

However, 'animal' does not only indicate about types of animals but animality more generally. First, 'animal' stands for a conception of humanity that tries to reintegrate the human into the broader natural world. The human has been falsely differentiated. It was countered with an 'honest', even scientific, characterisation of the human-animal. Second, 'animal' is the figure of that creature guided by instinct rather than by reason or conscious deliberation, and thus also whose abilities may be healthy rather than repressed or distorted through domestication or guilt before God. Third, the animal can mean that aspect of the human which does or should cause shame, which has not reached to that type of nobility that is distinctively human.

Finally, the animal kingdom is one where differences (such as those along the food chain) are an integral part of a healthy system. This is a commentary on the necessity in human affairs of class or caste; and, a claim about the will to power as a fundamental description of life. The notion of the beast of prey or the infamous image of the ‘blond beast’ belongs here. Notice that the beast of prey image is by no means always a positive one: on what and how it preys, and with what good conscience, is the difference. While culture and the state begin with the ‘blond beast’, the further development of the human type will occur through ‘bad conscience’ – a phenomenon utterly impossible for that beast.

<|endoftext|>

'Ant' defers to the symbol of work, especially industrial, as part of a homogeneous group. Also, it means small, incremental and in-themselves blind contributions and likewise a necessarily limited or fragmentary view of purposes or projects. 

<|endoftext|>

Anthropomorphism means to impose the form or qualities of the human onto something. The innumerable ways in which the histories of science, philosophy or religion have involved anthropomorphism. A key example is the concept of cause and effect in nature that this separation of cause and effect is an anthropomorphism, founded upon what is already a false characterisation of human action in terms of will. The whole of our knowledge of the world (including human beings) is anthropomorphic.

On the one hand, then, these anthropomorphisms are illegitimate (they are ‘lies’), despite their enormous utility for human beings. On the other hand, there stays a danger of the destruction of culture through the overemphasis on critique (historicism, specialisation, etc.). The generation of greatness, the flourishing and advancement of the human depend upon such ‘lies’ being productive in the realm of culture.

<|endoftext|>

Anti-Semitism is a symptom of a weak and defensive culture, of ressentiment, of nationalism and of a form of asceticism that demands stimulation.

<|endoftext|>

'Antichrist, The' should be understood more as ‘Anti-Christian’ and tightly focused on the psychological and physiological meanings of the advent, growth, and triumph of Christianity, in comparison, especially with Buddhism. Notable for a sustained, speculative, and positive psychological interpretation

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 in life and work. However, it is often used as equivalent to Rehang. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings,

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 in an unmediated or even reliable way of thinking. The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But here, "a language" is not more important, but much more important, the meaning of theism with Christianity is a frequent theme. 

Third, the distinction between visible and unvisualised things could not be a difference between their and the spirit's (Socrates') misunderstanding of the body but was a turning in how we think about things. For example, as far as the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’ and not about the whole of the real, we should watch out for the vampire or  the pitied devil. The instinct for revenant is there understood as a way of disguising a healthy contrast with the sublime.

<|endoftext|>

There are two layers of meaning to the term 'creation'.  First, 'creation" signifies to the religious or theological terminology, but its use is not confined to such contexts; second, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power
