======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Similarly, what is chance is fragmentary, aimless, or stunted; the response of health to this is a synthetic, compositional activity, making whole out of what is an only chance, and giving it a goal. The one with a long and unbroken will has the strength to will into the future, whatever may chance to interfere. The human must be liberated from chance as from priests; that is, freed from either a pessimistic assessment of human possibilities, from the endless diversion of the random and incidental, or from the rule of chance in human evolution.

<|endoftext|>

Chaos is a significant ancient concept. The earth is ‘formless and empty’ before God’s creation. Similar ideas are common in other accounts of nature, such as Hesiod for whom Chaos was the first primordial deity. Eighteenth and nineteenth-century anthropology discovered that this myth pattern often took the form of a struggle against Chaos, which was often represented by a serpent or dragon (e.g. Zeus’ battle with Typhon). The notion of Chaos is on its own; scientific knowledge is a destruction of human nature and descent to Chaos. One of the meanings of the ‘evil’ principle is ‘chaos’. However, the struggle against the dragon is a struggle against a fixed order, and for Chaos. Thus, one must have chaos within one still, to give birth to a dancing star. Here, Chaos is not the enemy of but the principle of creation.

Chaos is an essential character of the real, but the real has no intrinsic order. Thus, there has also no meaning, purpose, wisdom, or beauty. Some claims to have liberated things from their bondage under purposes. The idea is that all the various ways in which the real is supposed to have a pre-given order are anthropomorphic. Moral in character – restoring their chaos means restoring their innocence. Such an idea of the real as ‘chaos’ has a long philosophical tradition, stretching back to Heraclitus who argued that change was the only constant. The atomists (including the Epicureans) say that chaos is the natural state of things, and the formation of entities is both contingent and temporary. In both Hume and Kant, and after Schopenhauer, the order inexperience is not found but constructed (although for Kant, at least, this certainly did not entail that the thing was chaos). 

<|endoftext|>

By ‘character’ is meant either the ‘nature’ or ‘essence’ of something or, those patterns of behaviour that are distinctive of an individual, group, or type. Under the heading of character, there exist concepts such as customs or habits, virtues or vices, roles, and drives.  There are two critical strands here. The first is the notion of the unchangeability of character, an idea relevant to Schopenhauer. This notion metaphysically implausible because of the continual becoming of underlying drives - ‘you are always another person’. More importantly, it is also suspect in its value. The free spirit and ‘seeker after knowledge’ must be able to ‘declare himself against his previous opinion’. This does not mean conceiving of one’s character and opinions as somehow arbitrary or disorderly, nor being an ‘apostate’ of the free spirit. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore, people of ‘strong character’ are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
, 'the cheerfulness of a people’, and particularly of the Medieval period. The associated notion of dukkha (suffering) is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the noble or the masters to give names, to make values; and this right to create values or give names is taken from the pathos of distance. The projection of these values in the highest degree forms an ideal – creates a 'god' in the sense of Greek religion or the over human. Analogously, creating creates creators.

A third aspect is that all creation must involve destruction. For example, the lion stage which cannot create values, but can create the freedom to create. This means both that creating from out of oneself entails a rejection or an overcoming of one’s previous state. That creation through values necessarily means withdrawing other benefits (and thus other things constituted through those values). Fourth, all creation is directed towards the future, not in the trivial sense of a sequence of time, but in the spirit of the growth of life, health or power; indeed, those who cannot create have no future, they are the ‘last human’. It is only through creation (in all the senses discussed here) that a future of new possibilities can open, and the human type can develop. 

<|endoftext|>

A criminal is a lawbreaker, someone who acts against accepted traditions. There are three essential ideas. First, the observation that changes or developments in-laws are made, often enough, because of lawbreakers. The ‘free-doer’ and the criminal will at one stage be subjected to the same defamation. Second, it is the concept of punishment that the notion of retribution from the fact that someone outside the social contract is effectively at war with that society; sanction is thus the criminal expelled. Also, this notion is pursued that our behaviour towards the criminal should not be founded on revenge, but rehabilitation or healing from an illness. Punishment is a means of keeping power by having the right to find guilty and impose the law. Third, it is about the psychology of responsibility, the state of having the strength to act but not having the power later to affirm the act. Thus, the portrait of the pale criminal. This idea is related to N’s perseverance or courage in passages. There is also a line of thought – an endpoint of the softening of morality – that denies all responsibility, and for that reason treats the criminal very differently. 

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic,

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
, without their bottom'. Likewise, necessity is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. Contrasted to higher culture is one based on various forms of physical or spiritual narcotization or making ill (the ‘madhouses of culture’). It is this lack of a future, a lack of awareness that there could or should be future possibilities, that causes deeply disturbing.

<|endoftext|>

In the beginning, Zarathustra calls himself ‘cunning’ when he refuses to reveal that he is using the honey as bait for the higher men. Such cunning, that is, has entered the philosopher’s ‘fishing tackle’ as serving his or her comprehensive responsibility for the development of humans into the future. This becomes explicit that where ‘perhaps’ cunning provides more favourable conditions than scholarship for the development of the philosopher – and again, the following section where cunning is the ‘kindness’ behind the mask. 

Cunning is also associated with the ability to find a way to preserve
