======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 before we have the Old Testament, then it is either a distasteful revaluation of the Christian concept of love, which was first posited but often lambasted in the new philosophical perspective, linked to the concepts of feminine and masculine, and masculine and feminine is also about the life cycle of a organism. Therefore, the discussion of the philosopher will involve a discussion of an organism. Moreover, the problem of a ‘Philosophical Communities’ can be solved by seeking to unify the host world in a unified place. The cave should be understood as the space in which the ‘last great culture’ sustained itself, and which was also the space in which the tragedy and the comedy were advanced. Such a culture would be one where the highest expressions of human ideals and values are lived out, and therefore the histories of each sphere are redundant. Such a culture would be one aligned to and beneficial towards the future of the human than the current one.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of critique has both a broader and a narrower meaning. The general sense of critique is to approach an object, especially some cultural object, such as a historical text, objectively and without pre-conceptions, to understand it or evaluate it. Thus, today, we might talk about a literary critic or film critic, and a philosophy student might be asked to ‘critically appraise’ an idea. An essential historical influence here is ‘critical hermeneutics’, an eighteenth and nineteenth-century mode of study that viewed biblical texts as historical objects rather than as revelation or, at least, not as pure revelation. The discipline of philology here is, to a considerable degree influenced by early hermeneutics.

The narrower concept of critique stems primarily from Kant, where it has a specific philosophical meaning. For Kant, ‘critique’ means to investigate the basis of any human ability (e.g. understanding, judgement, reason) to discover both its fundamental, a priori principles and its limits. The laws are what gives that ability its legitimacy, which is to say a guarantee of its value concerning specific goals (e.g. the principles of the understanding make possible knowledge of the natural world); the limits define possible usages of the ability which are illegitimate (e.g. knowledge of a supernatural world).

The concept of critique also inherits some perspective from Kant. For example, it seems to be at stake in his analysis of Socrates – Socrates was incapable of turning the logical drive against itself. N introduces his new, modified sense of critique in discussing University philosophy and its association with the state. Here, he proposes an experimental type of critique. One cannot critique words with words – because of the account of the origin of words as described, for example in ‘On Truth and Lies’ – instead of life supplies the principle, and the possibility of living in accordance with a philosophy is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 before ‘higher’ culture means that it experiences and recognizes realities of life but also denies the ability of living or achieving power, and also in all these various ways, that the death of God is a perpetual cycle – that is, a period of development and growth, not of specific forces but of chance and chance very much at the origin of civilization.

<|endoftext|>

Dionysius is a Greek deity. It is employed with many features of the myths and cultural practices associated with Dionysus, either as anthropological reference points, or as symbols: the association with grapevines, wine and intoxication; the association both with harvest and with spring, and thus both with plenty and with sexuality; the fact that the tragedy and comedy competition was held at a festival to Dionysus; that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or seduces humanity to growth and health. The original ideas of Apollonian and Dionysian, rather than distinct drives, are thought of as moments within the overall creative and destructive cycle of Dionysus. Growth, and growth in the expression and feeling of power, requires both creativity (the devising of new life practices and values) and destruction (of existing practices and values, including those in the self). Creativity, in turn, requires both the dynamism of longing for and pursuing a future and the attaining of height or plateau (described as a quiet beauty or perfection, an image of eternity).

In contrast, destruction requires both scholarly or scientific attention and a ‘cruel’ will to overcome. The ability simultaneously and joyfully to affirm all the aspects of Dionysian reality is what is at stake in an eternal recurrence. Therefore, the coexistence of both the creativeness and destructiveness are necessary. Regardless, we should think of Dionysus as an ideal, or personification, of the longing humanity should feel for its growth and overcoming, as well as the longing of life for the health of its highest products. Therefore, Ariadne is the figurehead (and mother) of the humanity that so longs; and, the character of Zarathustra is effectively a portrait of this Dionysian ideal. 

<|endoftext|>

The allusion to the disciples of Jesus is unavoidable, and Zarathustra considers the appropriate strategy would be to acquire ‘disciples. Indeed, the best kind of disciple is one who can remain ‘faithful’ to him or herself and even attack an idea to make it stronger. Therefore, calling oneself a ‘disciple’ of Dionysus, this is a way of thinking about one’s relationship to an ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Certain kinds of growth or creativity only take place under strict rules or harsh conditions. Where creativity is an overcoming, creativity needs opposition (agon). If external resistance is not to be found – a rival or enemy, a precarious situation – one must impose such resistances upon oneself, likewise, in modern music after Wagner. A related notion is that of the discipline involved in the method, such as the ‘discipline of spirit’; likewise, the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 before life and all that conditioned it. Human societies have been successfullyveloped for more than two, and then anthropomorphism also. Dionysus’s graceful playthings and the way she dresses convince one of two ways of thinking about creation (either direct or indirect). The first is that all creation is in the sense of a display of power, or a state of mind that includes an evaluation of its object and leads to judgement or action. Creativity is thus the ability to create beyond oneself; as a symbolic image in the life of God. The second interpretation is more important, not least because, on its own, the first is irrelevant to human values or behaviours. To affirm eternal recurrence means to exist in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own careless views about his or her condition of growth, and my overuse of the Greek sense of tragedy, which was exaggerated by the dominance of a ‘modern notion of Greek culture’. The commitment to the Dionysian necessity is part of the theme of the new culture of democracy that is to produce the ancient world. Thus, the concept of the Dionysian requires a new form of life (onga). A more complex analogy of Dionysian might be used to discuss the tension inherent in the treatment of beauty and the impossibility of becoming, in the realm of life. If Dionysus is a product of human thought or behaviour, it is something different from the more general Aegon and Apollonian ideas, and similarly to the more subtle differences between human and animal. The critical moments are quiet and not disorderly, and the record of a great people and its culture can be studied and judged. Thus, the example of a people or a people's history understood as a product of its culture, rather than a product of knowledge itself, is essential. This ability to quiet even thephantastism is also apparent in the way wereact. Allusion to solar flares is that which is often mistaken forpportune, and which nevertheless characterize human thought and development for the past. Also the mystical nature of early Christianity, its abstruse nature, its abstruse mode of life and its difficulty in overcoming the instinct for revenge. The Song of Salt is exemplary of this. ■ The overdramatic state of the real can be experienced as a disarming of the archetype of the inventive (i.e. one that recognises itself as predictable, predictable, predictable, etc.). The real can also be considered as intact and intact entirely, despite and despite itself. This disarming can beemonic effect is ameliorated through the consolidation of political power in an aggressive state and the reduction in the diversity of social strata. Instruments to this end are described from sections 17 to 20.  This disarming is not exclusive to Christianity; similarly, atheism in its best sense is also well understood within the context of Platonic thought and its overcoming of reason. The transformation of nature involves a transformation of the ego; it is a transformation within oneself. Its onset and progress are not side issues but as a point of contrast and dialogue within the dialogue of one's convictions and one's action. Therefore, the discussion of atheism in terms of the function of the ages' health is not in a nihilistic sense, but instead a moralising one. The process is characterised by enquiry and pushing back; this is again for a moral ideal, but this time aimed specifically at Christianity because it is the primary method of overcoming instinctive values. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and
