======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 around three aspects to the experience of the sick and weak: origin, culture, and health. There are further concepts about 'laws' that might explain the stability and order of the conditions of life we are aware of but could not specifically describe – the sickness of fate. There is a broader concern with the human factor through the inorganic of death: that is, through a variety of different means, very much including physical and spiritual ways.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the underlying values that be Federico (the thought of becoming), also held eternal recurrence. Specific values are, for example, life made of maximally important things, or life without providence, but also with the life of Grindomorro. Likewise, religious practices like fasting or the practices of the self are repeated patterns of the cycle. Likewise, and therefore, the account of the 'spirit of gravity' is also repeated many times that turning is a reference to eternal recurrence. This turn of conscience is a product of the sharing of many various forms of energy, including energetic, cold and indeed eternal.

Energy is the concept under the heading of identification with the future. That is, if there are any clear exceptions, they tend to be characterized by eternal recurrence or affirmation.  Furthermore, it is the concept of identity that gives the impression of autonomy (identity). Or, if there are any clear exceptions, they tend to be understood as ways in which one might position oneself to be more myself. - idleness, lacking self-respect, slowness, craving for stimulation, etc. This last idea is already associated

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 around the fact the calmness of protective beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 around the non-political sphere; the area to the east of Greek civilisation, particularly as the ‘prehistory’ of the Dionysian.

<|endoftext|>

Ass can be a general term of abuse, connoting above all stupidity and dullness or slowness. All humans, from a higher perspective, are idiotic. To the concept of ass, the distinctive braying is ‘i-a’, thus ‘jay’ or yes – the ass stands for indiscriminate affirmation, lack of taste. The ass sometimes replaces such meanings as stubborn, enduring, and even intelligent; as a weight-bearing creature, the figure of the ass sometimes overlaps with the more familiar image of the camel. The festival of the ass is akin to one aspect of the Greek ‘Dionysian’ festival – the suspension of cultural and social order; likewise, there are Medieval traditions with a similar theme. Also, the ass is made sacred in some myths of Dionysus. Moreover, worshipping the ass is akin to the final nihilistic stages of religion, but here in a joyous and festive spirit.

<|endoftext|>

A modern conception of space means the vast, mostly empty and cold distances between stars or planets – an excellent symbolic vehicle for his notions of the pathos of distance (‘too distant star’), the infrequent appearance of greatness, nobility, friendship, solitude (the image of the star emitting light into the darkness, also notice the allusion to solar flares) or untimeliness (‘the light of the stars needs time’ ). Likewise, it serves to convey the cosmic insignificance of human beings and even the chaotic nature of reality overall. Similarly, also the methods of astronomy are employed: not seeing the stars as ‘above you’ – that is not transcendent in nature.

 <|endoftext|>

In its primary sense, atheism is the positive assertion of the non- existence of anything like a god. To be sure, nothing like a god exists as either an independent physical or a transcendent entity. If gods are symbolic expressions of human ideals, however, then atheism in this essential sense is changed by the commitment to the Dionysian model.

Abandoning a belief in a transcendent God is a step forward culturally. However, in general, the issue of a god’s existence is far from the most critical aspect. More important are questions like the following: (i) what does the need to posit a god’s existence say about the believer?  (ii) What does atheistic questioning say about the metaphysical commitments of the questioner? So, for example, atheism ‘today’ stays in the tradition of the ascetic ideal. Likewise, the hidden implication of theism with science, language or morality means that unbelief is often blind to its causes and consequences. (iii) What ideals are posited in a belief, or despite a lack of faith, in a god? The arising of a Christian idea of God is discussed, as far as Christianity is not the function of the survival, much less the growth, of a people. Moreover, Christianity is not just atheism, nor just any theism, and therefore atheism is not necessarily anti-Christian. Nineteenth-century English moral philosophy, for example, stays Christian even if it rejects theism.

<|endoftext|>

Atomism is a theory of nature that posits as the ultimate constituent parts of nature small, indivisible particles that move, collide, and combine in space. The argument begins with Democritus and becomes an integral part of Epicureanism.  It is revived in the early modern period as the basis of many philosophical materialisms and mechanistic accounts of physics. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, atomism received a boost because of the success of the science of chemistry, and likewise its role in models of thermodynamics. As a comprehensive account of nature, atomism always had specific weaknesses, such as its difficulty in understanding the action at a distance that is gravity or magnetism, the often wave-like properties of light, and the whiff of metaphysics that hangs around concepts like indivisibility, indestructibility or pure substance.

Atomism has several roots. First, it is from the concept by the eighteenth-century physicist Boscovich - the effect of matter based upon forces – that is, without requiring an underlying positing of matter. Second, a Neo- Kantian (and Schopenhauerian) critique of the nature of matter considered as a large thing-in-itself (i.e. to say, an attack on the notion of permanence). Third, the claim that atoms are a hypostatisation of a specific illegitimate concept of the separability and separate identifiability of cause and effect, which is a psychological concept
