======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of this is its legitimacy. The philosopher of the future is ‘critic in body and soul’, although this is still, like the sceptic, only part of the comprehensive sense of the philosopher. Also, and again, truth needs an experimental form of critique; this is not the ‘self-critique’ of knowledge (the critique of words with words) but remains within the orbit of the ascetic ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Traditionally, pity or ‘love of the neighbour’ distinguish the human being from the animal or ‘cruel and playful’ nature. More importantly, such moral practices are often themselves cruel or even founded upon cruelty, to the point that cruelty to oneself (asceticism) is accounted a virtue. This point is made concerning the reactive values of Christian thought. This artificial contrast between human and nature leads the emphasis on the role of cruelty in human affairs. Cruelty is one of the oldest festive joys of humanity, and we deceive ourselves if we think this has been left behind. Instead, every smallest step in the field of free thought involves cruelty towards oneself. And, cruelty now refines itself. More generally still, life means being cruel toward anything that is growing weak and old in us; likewise, greatness implies the ability to inflict great pain. In other words, cruelty is necessary for life; but not all cruelty – specifically, the cruelty often found in moral practices as ‘anti-life’.

Zarathustra calls humans ‘the cruellest beast’ and brings together several forms of cruelty: the pleasure at the suffering of others, the desire involved in the ascetic denigration of life and the cruelty in self-overcoming. The final item on this list certainly includes the cruelty to one’s intellectual conscience engaged in the pursuit of knowledge. The point is elaborated: having internalized existing values and traditions, the philosopher (discoverer of knowledge or creator of values) must be first cruel against him or herself. All these forms of cruelty, from the passive to the reactive, and on to the most active and internal, bring with them a feeling of power. These types of cruelty return more explicitly as the three stages of ‘religious cruelty’, culminating in nihilism – the sacrifice of God ‘for nothing’. Importantly, though, it is more obvious that by pursuing such cruelty to its conclusion that an ‘opposite ideal’ can reveal itself: namely, that form of human beings who can joyously affirm his or her existence.

<|endoftext|>

‘Culture’ means a form of life that people has set up for itself. This culture encapsulates their values, is what allows people both to have an identity and to reproduce and reinforce that identity over time, and which also allows people to produce excellence or greatness. The concept of culture can be used broadly, to designate types of culture that span dozens of nations and hundreds of years (e.g. ‘Alexandrian’ or ‘Hellenic’); or narrowly, to discuss individual peoples or sub-groups (such as ‘noble culture’ ). Culture includes everything from mundane practices (e.g. diet, daily routines), through institutions (church, military, education) up to ‘high’ culture (literature and art).

Culture is thought of as the variety of ways that the underlying Will has of keeping a people alive, and especially stimulating or tricking ‘nobler natures’ who feel the burden of being. There has a distinguish between an authentic and an inauthentic (or dispersed) culture, and similarly between lower and higher. Authentic culture can be defined as one that is unified, and which still serves a vital purpose of all culture, which is to produce genius or greatness. The dispersion of culture happens through the influence of the drive for knowledge, especially historical knowledge, which eventually turns culture into a mere patchwork of styles or practices borrowed randomly from the past, and without the dynamism to take on future projects. The Socratic drive for knowledge cannot be eliminated; instead, the task of culture is to incorporate it into a unity. This concern associates understanding the integration of culture and aids its development in modernity.

Furthermore, the concept of culture also becomes aligned to the conception of power but stays similar in essential respects. Higher culture comprises the feeling of power and the growth of power; indeed, higher culture always begins with barbarians, perhaps with contempt for and the destruction of a previous decadent culture, but in any case with the ‘lust for power’ and cruelty with a good conscience. Cultural advances depend upon power differences and the ‘pathos of distance’; in turn, this means that culture is a ‘pyramid’ with a broad base of workers. Contrasted to higher culture is one based on various

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 of a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield enhancement (for both parties). One reason struggle may not be productive is that it is not among equals: to war against an inferior is ignoble or shameful, to war against a superior is irreverent. Agon is productive, then, only if it recognises differences, rather than collapses them.

Thus, the concept of the agon is also part of 'modern ideas' such as equality, democracy or socialism. Similarly, tyranny is a monopoly of power that collapses power towards an individual—the struggle among agents within a social group. Struggle is also internal; however: since the individual self is formed of a multiplicity of drives, an agonistic 'society' is also found within the self. Thus, for example, the ascetic struggles to repress specific drives, or against enervation. 

<|endoftext|>

'The Great' King of Macedonia and famously conqueror of the known world from Greece east to India by the age of 32. Alexander gave Greek culture throughout the ancient world and brought Eastern culture West. When, 'Alexandrian' culture is a reference to wide dissemination, but also the attendant, Socratic turn of cultural scholarship to the mere accumulation of information (symbolised by the library at Alexandria). Thus, what are needed now are a

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power. Moreover, the notion of will here (the ego wills actions in its interest) is no less mistaken. Therefore, there are neither egoistic nor unegoistic acts. 

<|endoftext|>

Ralph Waldo Emerson was an influential American essayist and poet of the mid-nineteenth century. Emerson has a conception of the human relation to nature that is different from Schopenhauer, involving alignment to or identification with nature, and including a definite spiritual element: ‘The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship’. Emerson, in his description of the solitary and exceptional human who believes in his own thought, also gives an element in the concept of nobility or the over human. Also, Emerson’s notion of which includes the analysis of will and motive, the critique of consciousness as the core of human identity, the nature and importance of solitude, friendship, and the oversoul, is equal to parts Neoplatonic and Vedanta.

<|endoftext|
