======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Dionysian. An associated idea is that Dionysus’ mortal mother made Zeus reveal his full divinity, and was killed by Zeus’ lightning; that as a child he was hidden and protected in a cave by nymphs; that, in some tales, he is torn apart but then reborn; that Dionysus marries Ariadne, after she was abandoned by Theseus; that he is represented both as kind and generous, though also cruel to his enemies; his association with lions and dolphins, as well as minor mythic creatures such as satyrs or nymphs; the reported savagely destructive behaviour of devotees during certain religious rites; and in general the association of Dionysus with joy and with release from labour or care.

The Dionysian is one of the three cultural drives in The Birth of Tragedy, along with the Apollonian and Socratic. The Dionysian is there associated with intoxication, ecstasy (being- outside-of-oneself), and thus with cultural productions such as lyric poetry and many aspects of music (especially harmony).  This artistic drive implicitly has a metaphysics (i.e. a way of understanding the nature of reality). The coming together of Dionysian and Apollonian drives into a singular cultural production is the account of the nature of ancient tragedy.

The contraction of the earlier concepts of both Dionysian and Apollonian through a third art drive, which is represented by architecture, allows the following formulation of a new, much broader vision of the Dionysian. Dionysus thus becomes a key figure, a god who tempts or seduces humanity to growth and health. The original ideas of Apollonian and Dionysian, rather than distinct drives, are thought of as moments within the overall creative and destructive cycle of Dionysus. Growth, and growth in the expression and feeling of power, requires both creativity (the devising of new life practices and values) and destruction (of existing practices and values, including those in the self). Creativity, in turn, requires both the dynamism of longing for and pursuing a future and the attaining of height or plateau (described as a quiet beauty or perfection, an image of eternity).

In contrast, destruction requires both scholarly or scientific attention and a ‘cruel’ will to overcome. The ability simultaneously and joyfully to affirm all the aspects of Dionysian reality is what is at stake in an eternal recurrence. Therefore, the coexistence of both the creativeness and destructiveness are necessary. Regardless, we should think of Dionysus as an ideal, or personification, of the longing humanity should feel for its growth and overcoming, as well as the longing of life for the health of its highest products. Therefore, Ariadne is the figurehead (and mother) of the humanity that so longs; and, the character of Zarathustra is effectively a portrait of this Dionysian ideal. 

<|endoftext|>

The allusion to the disciples of Jesus is unavoidable, and Zarathustra considers the appropriate strategy would be to acquire ‘disciples. Indeed, the best kind of disciple is one who can remain ‘faithful’ to him or herself and even attack an idea to make it stronger. Therefore, calling oneself a ‘disciple’ of Dionysus, this is a way of thinking about one’s relationship to an ideal.

<|endoftext|>

Certain kinds of growth or creativity only take place under strict rules or harsh conditions. Where creativity is an overcoming, creativity needs opposition (agon). If external resistance is not to be found – a rival or enemy, a precarious situation – one must impose such resistances upon oneself, likewise, in modern music after Wagner. A related notion is that of the discipline involved in the method, such as the ‘discipline of spirit’; likewise, the ‘rigorous self-discipline’ and thus ‘liberation’; or the discipline of logic that is akin to dance. The connection made just there between logic and dance suggests that discipline fails unless directed first and foremost at the body; it must be a training at the level of physiology if it is to have any effect. Discipline in this sense of rigorous training is the meaning of the Greek term askesis. ‘Discipline’ also describes the task of those comprehensive ‘new philosophers’ to redeem the creation of human greatness from the ‘nonsense and accident’ of history.

The word discipline is the same as that which is translated ‘breeding’ – and indeed, the concepts are related since, in both, there is a deliberate choice and harsh pruning. Likewise, the idea of education is often discussed in this connection.  At the same time, discipline without the accompaniment of nobility or good taste can be a disaster. Accordingly, discipline as the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 Dionysian conception of the real, which is thought of as underlying the realm of apparent things. 'Grund' in German also means 'ground' in the sense of 'reason' (as in 'what are your grounds for claiming that?'); therefore 'Abgrund' means a lack of justification, legitimacy, or sense. 'Abyss of reason'. 'Abyss' often links with the Sphinx, who killed herself by throwing herself from a high place after Oedipus successfully answered the riddle.  The idea are themselves abysses that they cause one to leave any solid intellectual or moral footing behind and thus represent danger. The idea of eternal recurrence is an 'abyss-deep thought', posing a threat of self-destruction; likewise, the thought of the death of God is such an abyss, or the temptation to pity and thus to the abandonment of one's ideals. When one investigates the void, the abyss looks back. Does one view the void with pride, are the abyss and one's summit as one? That is, can one see the recognition of the abyss and its affirmation as an achievement?

<|endoftext|>

An action considered on its own is Handlung; being active is tätig, as in 'the active person'. Whether my will or my actions are free; can they ever be egoistic; and what does it mean to subject them to universal rules. Action is only possible under the illusion of freedom, or through a deliberate ignorance, because knowledge kills action. All our actions live on through an endless chain of consequences and are thus eternalised.  'Action' develops the notion of the will to power, the concept of action is included under it: for example, neither the fact nor expectation of happiness (at least in an ordinary sense of this term) is at the ground of action; instead, the ground is an expression of and a feeling of power.  One reason for this is that noble morality is concerned with the value of human beings, a 'triumphant yes-saying to oneself', and not with the features of actions (neither their conformity to laws nor their utility).

The life of action and the life of contemplation are distinct. Thus, 'action' is important, of the deed; knowledge has meaning only if fulfilled in effect. Indeed, the very notion of a 'doer' distinct from any deed is nonsense related to ideas of substance; a 'quantum of power' is not distinct from the will and effect. It also follows that there is both an error and something ignoble in 'disowning' one's actions by feeling the pang of a guilty conscience. Actions are necessary expressions of identity; to feel guilt (the criminal who has become 'pale') is to apply external criteria based upon consequences, and to falsely imagine that one's identity is not what it is; a further aspect to this concept is the cultivation of the capacity to be responsible. Action has no necessary relation to our knowledge or beliefs. Active people do not act out of self-knowledge but act so as thereby to form a self. Only the doer learns. Both active and contemplative forms of life are necessary, in alternation within a single life. The comprehensive 'new philosopher', then, would be neither merely the person of action nor the contemplative person. The contemplative life in its best sense should not be understood as an escape, but as a choice made from understanding, as the proper mode of one's contribution to the growth of cultures. Indeed, such contemplation can be creative in a way that action cannot.

This creativity is to be distinguished from another: the resentment of the slave revolt is prevented from the straight-forward activity and thus becomes creative at the level of values; this is 'imaginary revenge'. This repressed or sublimated 'activity' is always only 'reaction', always beginning as the rejection of some external value. a 'yes-saying' or affirmative mode of life means a creative, positive action.

<|endoftext|>

In the evolution of the form of Greek tragedy the addition of actors to the original chorus is a symptom of an increasing lack of faith in, or misunderstanding, of the nature of tragedy; it is a move towards realism. Instead of allowing mythic figures to appear, the actor pretends to be them. Thus, much more generally 'actor' can be used as a term of abuse. The actor is a fake, one whose power and need to stand for something, not even having an identity in him or herself, and needed for others to need to watch them. The talent for acting is bred in certain classes or peoples by a requirement of constant adaptation. The actor may be the right conceptual model also for the 'artist'. Those who are called 'great' are often actors because they are incapable of willing greatness. 'Actors of the spirit' makes others believe he or she can envision great things and carrying out

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 Dionysian (or as Greek) beauty is a symbol and not a straight-forward property so that beauty is only part of a concept of life, which also involves creation and destruction. Thus, for example, ‘struggle and inequality are present even in beauty’.

Beauty is a quality of the ideal (e.g. the gods) that a human value sets for itself; thus, beauty is a human measure, ‘given’ to the world, by means of which it affirms or even worships itself. Thus, the metaphor of everything being a mirror to one’s beauty. The spectacle of ascending life is beautiful; degeneration is ugliness. As again in Plato, an attraction in itself is not the goal or endpoint, but instead either a sign of health or that which ‘lures’ one towards further creation (the soft voice of beauty and wisdom and life personified). Thus, for example, experiences are the seductress, teasing with beauty; or beauty is a culture’s imagined happiness; likewise, the beauty of the over human. Such disinterest is both physiologically impossible (or at least unlikely), but more importantly also a perverse conception of what is beautiful (‘immaculate perception’). Instead, what is given up for the sake of beauty is only the ‘hero’s will’, and this leads not to disinterest, but ‘godlike’ (rather than heroic) ‘desires’. In other words, disinterest is at best a stage, an overcoming of what is merely a fragment of the whole will towards the over human.

<|endoftext|>

The concept of "Becoming" falls under two main headings: historical analysis and metaphysics. By the first is meant an exploration of the origin and development of beliefs, values, institutions, or other forms of life. For example, a 'science of art' that investigates the becoming of miraculous works. The significance of this kind of investigation lies in the fact that many values (moral values, but by no means exclusively) receive part of their value from the assumption that they are eternal, God-given, or at least natural laws. Questioning this is part of questioning the value itself.

Moreover, the historical investigation often shows that a given amount has its origin in its opposite, and thus involves a kind of practical contradiction – so, for example, Christian morality arises from out of affects that it would consider 'evil': namely, envy and revenge. Finally, such historical analysis is valuable because it opens new possibilities for values. So, for example, the historical self-overcoming of religion then culminates in the discovery of an 'opposite ideal'. 

The metaphysical sense of becoming involves an attempt to investigate the nature of the real. At the level of insight at least, there is only constant disordered change. Becoming can be understood in at least three fundamental ways: first, that what is real is chaos, without form or order. The problem with this first view is that it supplies no explanation of why the appearance of structure or order occurs. Moreover,  the dissolution of contemporary culture into its historical becoming produces a cultural paralysis, one that leads to pessimism or nihilism. Second, that what is real is something like a process, that creates and then changes various forms, with some overall sense of direction or an endpoint. Similarly, a traditional account of the freedom of the will robs becoming of its ‘innocence’.

The third possibility is that what is real are, again, something like processes, but which interact and produce irregular forms only to dissolve them back. Here there is no overall coordination of these processes, no ‘purpose’ or ‘end’, except for what human beings posit for themselves as purposes. There is indeed constant change, without stable entities (i.e. without beings, such as atoms or substances), but through the process, forms are realised only to then be replaced by new types. Such an idea is true but very dangerous. A dynamic network of power and power-relations – that is to say, life considered as the will to power (together with the feeling of growing or diminishing power) – is the preferred explanatory instrument. Implications include: First, that knowledge itself is not a knowledge of this network, as if from an independent vantage point, but a part within it; thus, the notion of perspective. Second, all unities are multiplicities (e.g. the soul is akin to a society of drives). Third, insofar as the concept of cause and effect involves the positing of separable unities (that which is the cause, that which is the effect), it is an illegitimate concept, meaning also that necessity and calculability have to be understood differently. A fourth consequence concerns the idea of ‘becoming what you are’. Fifth, just as the becoming
