======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 life. The other strand involves the creation of nature.  Characterization in art and especially in a drama is always superficial because it can only present an image of the inner necessity in the life of an actual human being. Therefore, people of ‘strong character’ are created through education in just this way, to be more like art than life and thus to be useful to their community. The genuinely more energetic spirit, however, will ‘give style’ to their character, force it under one ‘taste’, and indeed take pleasure in this self-imposed law. Likewise, higher spirits of this type will create a ‘role’ – a simplified version of themselves – as an instrument of communication or rule.

<|endoftext|>

Cheerfulness, most often, but the concept shades into other words that might otherwise be interpreted as happiness or joyfulness. Optimism cannot be a consequence of a lack of awareness of pain, cruelty or destructiveness – because this was the people that invented tragedy and celebrated the wisdom of Silenus – nor could it be a consequence of ‘unendangered ease and comfort’, or pure sensuality, because then philosophy would never have arisen. Instead, this cheerfulness or serenity arises because of the healing effects of Apollonian beauty. Because on its terms the immersion into the Dionysian is experienced as ‘the eternal lust and delight of existence’. That is to say, the Greeks were much more aware of the true nature of existence than we moderns but had developed a culture in which reality is justified as an aesthetic phenomenon. This degenerates after the death of tragedy into the ‘cheerfulness of slaves’ without responsibility.

There are three meanings in cheerfulness. First, cheerfulness as blissful ignorance; second, cheerfulness as a disguise, a way of appearing to be different from, and be misunderstood by, others. Third, and most importantly, cheerfulness is part of the ideal of a new form of life that does not suffer from the defining features of modernity. This last idea is, in part, an updating of the Apollonian concept; in part, it is a new analysis of the perils of an over-historicized culture (see historical sense). Cheerfulness is thought of as an effect of the exercise of power, or of one who shows an excess of strength. Likewise, it is a characteristic of someone who has found their proper element, the role most aligned to their character. Thus, the highest human beings of the present will be both ‘cheerful’ and ‘live dangerously’. Taking the questioning of morality seriously has, as a kind of reward, cheerfulness – or the ‘gay science’. In other words, there is a stage of nausea or nihilism in the confrontation with the genealogy of values, but this stage overcomes itself in cheerfulness. The significance of cheerfulness considers that optimism is a constant cycle with severe intellectual labour and a form of convalescence. 

<|endoftext|>

As a symbol, the child has two conventional meanings, either that age of humanity which is innocent or that which is most animal-like and dominated by instinct and passion. In association with this innocence, the child figure is capable of genuine creation, or more commonly, the child is synonymous with pure nature and a healthy relationship to the future. It is thus appropriate. Similarly, those who are contemplating marriage should ask themselves ‘have you the right to wish for a child’.

The notion of the ‘eternal child’  is an allusion to Ovid’s account of Jacchus (associated with Dionysus, particularly in the idea of perpetual rebirth).  The concept also has a reference to Heraclitus, who wrote that time, or the creator, is a child building with, then scattering, his playthings. Mozart was often called an ‘eternal child’. The concept of child has two-fold. First, that psychologically, there is no sharp divide between childhood and adulthood, and to believe there is shown an unhealthy devotion to seriousness. Second, that in the ‘genuine man, a child is hidden, it wants to play’  – that is, the higher human will embrace the concepts of play, toys, laughter, or fantasy. Thus, if knowledge removes its playthings, it will have to create others in a perpetual cycle. 

<|endoftext|>

China and the Chinese have two aspects. First, the impression in Asian thought which was inspired at least in part by Schopenhauer. Second, the Chinese have an entirely different form of life, to the extent that the Chinese are a distinct type of human being. This is manifested in their valuation of work, and attributes of the great age of their civilization.

<|endoftext

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 life and the real, and not to borrow one’s beliefs and values from imaginary other worlds or modes of being. Likewise, it is courage not to manufacture one’s beliefs and values by a fearful negation of becoming, uncertainty and suffering, which are the conditions of life and the real. Such courage in the type is represented by Epictetus (the Stoic philosopher who had been a slave) and contrasts it with the Christian slave characterized by faith and hope in a different life. A few sections later, courage is proclaimed as a key ‘future virtue’: the arrogance to understand and not be afraid of the world. This courage is not dissimilar to generosity. Thus, the courageous type of thinker who is aware of the ‘cruelty of the intellectual conscience’, which does not simplify but insists upon multiplicity and perspective. Such courage is a form of self-overcoming. Zarathustra talks about those among his disciples who are too cowardly to change the direction of their willing and thus soon abandon him in favour of their contentment. Likewise, it is Zarathustra’s courage that tells the Spirit of Gravity to get off his back.

<|endoftext|>

Happy because unconcerned with past or future, or not stricken by heavy thoughts (here, chewing the cud means focused in the present moment, not prone to nausea). The cow is also patient and seeing, and thus a metaphor for reading and interpretation as an art lost in modernity; rumination means to consider and contemplate without hurry. The cow is trusting, not slighted by distance or change; warm and reassuring like a faithful companion. The cow is an essential religious symbol in many Eastern religions: the ‘voluntary beggar’, learning contentment from a herd of cows, is a portrait of Jesus as a displaced and misunderstood Eastern sage. The cow’s calm is a possible and worthy response to nihilism and the degeneration of humanity.

<|endoftext|>

There are two layers of meaning to the term 'creation'.  First, 'creation" signifies to the religious or theological terminology, but its use is not confined to such contexts; second, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 life, not some living thing), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield enhancement (for both parties). One reason struggle may not be productive is that it is not among equals: to war against an inferior is ignoble or shameful, to war against a superior is irreverent. Agon is productive, then, only if it recognises differences, rather than collapses them.

Thus, the concept of the agon is also part of 'modern ideas' such as equality, democracy or socialism. Similarly, tyranny is a monopoly of power that collapses power towards an individual—the struggle among agents within a social group. Struggle is also internal; however: since the individual self is formed of a multiplicity of drives, an agonistic 'society' is also found within the self. Thus, for example, the ascetic struggles to repress specific drives, or against enervation. 

<|endoftext|>

'The Great' King of Macedonia and famously conqueror of the known world from Greece east to India by the age of 32. Alexander gave Greek culture throughout the ancient world and brought Eastern culture West. When, 'Alexandrian' culture is a reference to wide dissemination, but also the attendant, Socratic turn of cultural scholarship to the mere accumulation of information (symbolised by the library at Alexandria). Thus, what are needed now are a series of 'anti-Alexanders' who concentrate and purify. Alexander is already a caricature of early Greek civilisation, exaggerated and simplified, although still displaying their deep-rooted cruelty ('Homer’s Contest’). The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical
