======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 themselves in some way, way serves to reinforce those values – that is, a sense is an evaluation of some physiological state. Feelings such as pity or pleasure are equally appropriately called affects. 

Sadness either meaning a specific state of suffering, or more generally the idea of emotion, and an even better interpretation would be 'mood'. Sadness is one of the three means of successful persuasion along with logos "reasoning and truth", and ethos "way of life or character, and more specifically wisdom and virtue". Sadness means understanding how emotions lead to judgements and actions. Sadness shows a more permanent state, one that goes with and is a chief characteristic of a way of life.

Christianity rescues effects from the idea of disinterest, but only if their object is transferred to God; affects are not primarily individual, but socially conditioned. Affects arise in part also because of basic intellectual operations such as imagination. A parallel discussion denies that the affects as ordinarily understood are a fundamental feature of organisms; this amounts to a rejection of specific psychological ideas that understand human behaviour through, for example, pain or pleasure. Instead, there is a physiological basis of the affects in assimilation, transformation, excretion, etc. Such discussions culminate in the thought experiment concerning the will to power. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. In turn, the affects play a role in perception, avoiding or selecting – this infects even neutral scientific claims or if reason in some way masters the affects, then this has been achieved by a long process of cruel discipline.

Moral judgements are a sublimated (i.e. diverted to be in some way more acceptable) way of discharging affects. A revaluation of values would have to include a reassessment of affects. Specific affects, such as a lust, for example, need to be redeemed as valuable for the overall health and growth of the human organism. Others, including those that are a product of resentment and form a sublimation of and release of jealousy, should be revalued as modes of sickness. A necessary part of such a revaluation, though, is to influence the domain of affects – and not just to change our conscious or intellectual view of things. In other words, new values change the way we feel and are incorporated into the body. The Dionysian state as a total stimulation of the affective system, transforming itself through and into all affects.  The great human who can redeem reality does so by immersion, even identification, with it.

<|endoftext|>

Affirmation is a yes-saying in two senses. First, a yes-saying to life, to fate, and to all the suffering or senseless destruction they in fact do and must-have, even those 'beneath' us are necessary for the perfection of the world. This first idea of affirmation is linked to the notions of amor fate and eternal recurrence. Second, affirmation specifies a mode of life the values and actions of which are positive and healthy expressions of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 themselves or positing of metaphysical falsehoods. The notion that art protects or soothes stays, but this is not understood as culturally productive; instead, it is a dangerous narcotic.  The development in the modernity of symbolic and de-sensualised media affects both art and its audiences. One reason for the decline of art is the thinking of the artist as the individual and the genius, rather than as essentially an artisan and in the contest with others.

One must be the poet of oneself – to live as a work of art. Art allows us to treat ourselves as phenomena, not taking ourselves and our truths too seriously. In general, art is a mode of the growth of will to power, instinctive and involuntary, associated with overfullness and perfection, and pregnancy. Art is the transformation of one’s environment into an image of one’s beauty – it is a magnanimous gift. Likewise, art can be a tool combating the ascetic ideal. An ‘art of life’ is a crucial characteristic of great peoples, too; similarly, while talks about art without artists, by which means certain kinds of institutions (the idea is similar to how culture drives work through individuals).

<|endoftext|>

The symbols of height and ascending play a vital role, understandably associated with for example mountains, birds, lightness (as opposed to heaviness), the sky (e.g. astronomical references), cold and overcoming. Such symbols follow rooted conventions within philosophy (Plato’s philosopher climbs up from the cave) and culture more widely (God and heaven above us, elevated moods, high priests, etc.). The symbol stands for the increase of an individual’s (or a people’s) power and health, and thus also for the increase in their capacity for beauty, great projects, or rule. For example, both an anarchy of the instincts and a need to fight the instincts, are symptoms of decadence, explaining that for ascending life, happiness and intuition are equivalent.

Ascent is compared to flatness or descent, and ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains down to lions or dolphins; again, on this theme, ascending implicates the reverse movement of descending. Thus, to develop new values means to create new ways of life. Likewise, the paradox of the thinker's dream, where knowledge itself is an account of an identity. Thus, Zarathustra must ‘go under’, that is a return from the mountains to lions or even dolphins, since that is no longer possible or relevant within modernity. This is a dream, true or imaginary, but a fiction. In truth, a dream is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of preservation and our need to justify our existence and our values. Thus, the dream is not merely an illusion – we can be aware of ourselves dreaming – but the validity of the beautiful forms that we dream are derived from their role in our health and our preservation, and not in their truth-speaking. In a general psychological theory of the dream, dreams are the way to make sense of stimuli through a retrospective ascription of causation. But this precisely is how we live our waking lives also. The analysis changes focus, to dreams as the space in which our drives act or realize themselves; again, this is like waking life.

Moreover, not only is waking life not a great deal different from dreams but that, to the extent that we insist on it being so, this is a sign of weakness or degeneracy. Waking life is the domain in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance, even dream appearance, is again not contrasted to some straight-forward relationship to that which is true. Instead, 'appearance is the acting and living itself' – adjectives without an 'x' that they are adjectives of. 'Dream' thus becomes an essential element within the analysis of the 'true world' (MicrobeWorld). Such the world offers a chance to Zarathustra to do the impossible standing 'beyond' the world and 'weigh' it. Zarathustra wants to learn from and imitate his dream in his waking life. The dream, that is, can teach waking life how to allow healthy, life-affirming values to develop new ways of life. Likewise, a dream is again the moment of perfection and stillness that Zarath

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 themselves with the highest humans. For the recognition of, and responding to, distress lies at the origin of the standard or ordinary. Likewise, there has a magnificent tension of the spirit and nihilism, which is experienced as distress. Rather than anaesthetizing that distress, the aim here is to release the tension in pursuit of new forms of human life. Other relevant passages elaborating on this idea include: the ‘highly spiritual’ will feel a delight over and above all the distress of a problem, psychology must overcome distress – an ‘unconscious resistance’ – to ideas of the reciprocal dependence of excellent and wicked, or celebrated Greek characteristics were not ‘natural’, but products of a need. The expression ‘ turning of need’ got repeated many times that turning is a reference to eternal recurrence, as well as meaning ‘transforming’ (it may also be an allusion to spiritual orientation in Plato and especially Plotinus). So, for a being capable of aligning itself with the will to power and incorporating the notion of eternal recurrence, distress is transformed into a necessity, into a joyful affirmation of one’s self and one’s world. 

<|endoftext|>

The dithyramb was in ancient Greek literature a choral hymn to Dionysus, set to music and dance. The dithyramb, following Aristotle, was thus the original form of Greek tragedy. Only fragments of dithyrambs survive, along with observations concerning characteristic rhythmic, formal, and narrative qualities, but without any clear evidence as to how they were performed. 

<|endoftext|>

A dog is a domesticated, and degraded, beast of prey. Thus, it is both suddenly aggressive, and contemptible in its display of cowardliness, distress, or anger. Having been a slave, it has become nothing other than a slave. Thus, the dog is a crucial analogy for internalization, the opinions of or relationships to others becoming part of one’s identity. The dog’s famous loyalty is nothing more than submission, and it is thus no more capable of love, but for a different reason, than the cat. This submission is akin to a human’s religious feeling – obedience out of fear, or long discipline. The dog is something that is supposed to be wretched so that its owner can feel important or influential. The sheepdog is an obvious metaphor for those who devote themselves to the protection of the herd. The firedog is noisy, spectacular, but irrelevant – and thus like the socialist revolution and similar events. The critical moments are quiet, creative of values. Zarathustra tells the story of a traveller accidentally stepping on a sleeping dog, making enemies of those who could be friends.

<|endoftext|>

The term dream is used to characterize the Apollonian. The critical distinction here is not between dreaming and being awake; the dream is employed to understand a certain domain of culture, and particularly of art. The dream is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of preservation and our need to justify our existence and our values. The dream is not merely an illusion – we can be aware of ourselves dreaming – but the validity of the beautiful forms that we dream are derived from their role in our health and our preservation, and not in their truth-speaking. In a general psychological theory of the dream, dreams are the way to make sense of stimuli through a retrospective ascription of causation. But this precisely is how we live our waking lives also. The analysis changes focus, to dreams as the space in which our drives act or realize themselves; again, this is like waking life.

Moreover, not only is waking life not a great deal different from dreams but that, to the extent that we insist on it being so, this is a sign of weakness or degeneracy. Waking life is the domain in which our instincts or drives are despised, but the values expressed, and developed, in my dreams will inevitably find their way into waking life. Likewise, the degeneration of the will means that we moderns do not understand the 'freedom of the will' even in our dreams. Also, 'ancient humanity' continues in oneself, in both waking lives and a dream. So, 'what is "appearance" to me now? Indeed, not the opposite of some essence' – that is, appearance, even dream appearance, is again not contrasted to some straight-forward relationship to that which is true. Instead, 'appearance is the acting and living itself' – adjectives without an 'x' that they are adjectives of. 'Dream' thus becomes an essential element within the analysis of the 'true world' (MicrobeWorld). Such the world offers a chance to Zarathustra to do the impossible standing 'beyond' the world and 'weigh' it.
