======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 reflection of that life. That is, values and actions are not derived by or reaction against or even sublimation of other values. These two senses are closely related; indeed, they both describe aspects of an ascending and healthy mode of life. The first concerns the embracing of the whole system of life and one's place within it; the second more focused on ideas of creativity and autonomy.

To the first sense of affirmation, the contrasting idea is that the histories of philosophy, morality and religion are histories formed out of an impossible rejection or revenge. Now, being able to say 'no' to certain kinds of things is indeed essential. 'All life is a disputing about taste' that is to say, life involves struggle, trying to overcome one thing in favour of another. However, such saying 'no' is predicated upon a prior 'yes'; one accepts the existence of that which is rejected. Indeed, as far as rejecting it is part of my identity – 'I affirm myself as the one who in this case, says no' – I am grateful for its existence although I reject it. Affirmation is conditional upon 'no'-saying insofar as those values that have come to dominate culture (and, through the internalisation of culture, the self) must be overturned if that form of life capable of affirmation is to develop; no saying becomes an instrument or an aspect of the method. My 'no' is the expression of an evaluation that belongs within the system of power relations and perspectives that make up life or the real. A religious system like Christianity, a philosophical system like Platonism, or a political system like socialism is precisely the impossible rejection of the system of life itself. Affirmation, thus, cannot generate universal laws.

Affirmation is tested by eternal recurrence. On a literal interpretation of eternal recurrence, every detail in the sequence of events and things repeats itself in a vast, cosmic cycle. This thought becomes a test of the ability of an individual to affirm the course of their life. However, more broadly, eternal recurrence means at least that the system of life – founded upon the struggle of affects and values, complete with wastefulness, indifference, long periods of degeneracy – is inescapable. It will never be a system without these features. Affirmation is not just the acceptance of such a system (a pessimist's response) but gratitude and love towards it.

In such affirmation in the first sense (a  yes-saying to eternity), affirmation in the second sense must also occur: for,  thereby also one claims responsibility for one's life, and all that conditioned it as if their creative will willed the whole. Eternal recurrence is thus the dangerous solution to the problem of the redemption of time posed which involve two senses of affirmation are sometimes symbolised as feminine (the first sense) and masculine (the second).

<|endoftext|>

Agon means 'contest', 'competition', 'strife' or 'struggle'. Agon is the concept under the headings of words such as 'Streit' (fight or battle), 'Kampf' (contest or struggle). First, Heraclitus as positing 'strife' as the basic principle behind the popular notion of continual flux. Second, Greek cultural life was to the extent that competitors who were too powerful were ostracised. Third, the real Zarathustra, the ancient Persian religious figure, conceived of the cosmos as a battle between good and evil forces. Fourth, there are later philosophers or scientists who, in one way or another, posit conflict at the root of human or animal action. These would include  Hobbes  (who conceived of human nature as fundamentally incapable of peace,  and state power as the mechanism for controlling this nature), Schopenhauer and Darwin (the struggle for existence is an essential condition for natural selection). There is a fundamental difference among these influences: on the Greek conception (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 reflection of God, a moment of beauty and genius. Caesar, the tyrant, is thus also an example of the opportunities and dangers of decadence, for the highest type is always ‘five paces from tyranny’. It is precisely that danger which is their condition of growth.

<|endoftext|>

'Camel' is the first of the three 'transformations of the spirit'. Importantly, the spirit as camel is already a transformation, and not a default position of the human. The camel wishes the bear as heavy a burden as possible, to feel its strength and test that strength. The weights are those of the deliberate assumption of humility and self-mockery, confining oneself to a specialization, discovering dangerous or unpleasant truths, rejecting the pity of others, and overcoming one's overcoming (i.e. departing a cause when it is victorious). In other words, the camel is the free spirit as far as he or she recognizes these states as burdens; exhibits veneration towards the burdens, that interprets them as valuable; and, knows him or herself to be strong enough to bear them. 

<|endoftext|>

The Case of Wagner was written early in 1888, which tries to assess both Wagner’s career, contribution and more importantly, the significance and danger of his decadence. 

<|endoftext|>

The images of cat relate to the cat family from domestic cats to tigers and lions. The lion stands for exceptional strength, ravenous desire, strong will to power, but is primarily destructive and only prefiguring creation. The figure of the lion is an echo of Plato’s analogy, where the lion stands for the thump’s element of the soul and spiritedness. The lion figures prominently hint the sign that the days of loneliness are over. Also, the symbol of lions is as combining power with gentleness.

The tiger is one of the animals associated in mythology with Dionysus, which explicitly refers to fat. The tiger’s wildness is not tamed by, but directly not opposed to Dionysus’ needs or purposes. As one lush growth of the tropical south, the tiger is a symbol of wanton and sudden destructiveness (always about to leap) and over-abundance (‘Homer’s Contest’). Thus, also the tiger is the figure of that sudden urge to traitorous injustice among the Greeks, which requires the state to keep it in check. This tension can be seen negatively as unresolved, lacking perfection or direction. The ‘higher men’ are compared to a tiger that has failed in its leap – that is, ashamed of their action, and not accepting the role of chance in the growth of the human.

In general, the cat is an incompletely domesticated animal that it appears peaceful, loves comfort, but has a residual wildness, remains akin to a beast of prey and is mischievous or wilful. Also, the clouds are implied to cats, incapable of decision; and, cats are also compared with the figure of a woman. However, the cat is incapable of giving, reciprocity or love. In this, it is the opposite of the dog—moreover, the images of granite statues of cats, standing for old-fashioned values, heavy and unmovable.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of ‘category’ has a long history of philosophy, beginning with Aristotle. In Kant, the categories form a set of 12 essential and a priori concepts under which all experience falls. They thus describe the structure of experience and its limits but also supply a transcendental account of how knowledge is possible in the first place. 

<|endoftext|>

Causality is one of the critical physical and metaphysical lines of thought. There are several aspects. Although using some of the same concepts as ‘On Truth and Lies’useful as a kind of shorthand for describing and predicting, the concepts of cause and effect require us to posit the cause and the effect as separable and identifiable; that is, each must be a stable entity. In truth, a continuum faces us, and every causal event is an infinite number of processes. Cause and effect thus offer no real understanding or explanation. This simplifying treatment of cause and effect is founded upon a natural, but mistaken, analysis of will – our clear willing and effecting becomes a model for natural processes. Cause and effect do not follow ‘laws. This notion of natural law as something that ‘governs’ also is an illegitimate application of our (mistaken) notion of willing according to a maxim. The critique of causality also amounts to an evaluation of mechanical thought (all nature consists of pushing and pulling entities). Natural causality is replaced by the concept of a network of forces – that is with the will to power. Among other things, this

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 reflection, because knowledge always involves projection of human values onto its object, and could only be knowledge of being, it is thus an illusion. The portrayal of expertise, as far as it must involve a metaphysical error, is beautiful; and the progress of knowledge is the transformation of the ugly into the beautiful. Philosophical reflection in terms of procreation and childbirth: the philosopher is pregnant with wisdom and requires a beautiful soul (Socrates) as midwife to bring this wisdom to term. The lover does not pursue beauty per se but gives birth ‘in beauty’. Thus, for example, history must be ‘overcome’ and ‘bathed in beauty’ for genius to be born. Beauty urges one towards procreation (either sexually or spiritually). The influence of Plato also contributes to the consideration of thinking of beauty as feminine. This feminine beauty means protective, preserving, approximating to being (i.e. relatively unchanging). The feminine and masculine become moments in an account of creativity.

Similarly, beauty arises under constraint or discipline. All these instances are further evolutions of the original idea of Apollonian beauty as healing, but also as allegory a form of indirect wisdom. For further discussion, see the entry under feminine. However, the beautiful can also be ‘wild’ (e.g. the ‘beast-of-prey beauty’ of the sea; the beauty of wickedness; or noble passion). This reiterates that contrast between beauty and cheerfulness – that is, a sense of power and power is not always productive, but that is a contradiction – for both parties are necessary expressions of identity. Therefore, differences in understanding the world arise, in terms of what is valued (and what is approved or disapproved of morally).

Later, the notion of value becomes fundamental. If for example a conscience is a scientific claim that relates the concept of soul to the notion of time. Likewise, the concept of value becomes fundamental. If for example a conscience is a moral commitment to effect – that is a positing of facts and values as eternal. This is both ahawk (inese for duty, thus ‘living to be here’) and a problem. The positing of facts and values as eternal is effectively the whole of philosophy. Not all that is met as beautiful is beauty. The idea of eternal recurrence is an 'abyss-deep thought', posing a threat of falling into a ‘suicidal nihilism’. Importantly,  the danger is not necessarily a new concept of death – that is, a kind of value. The concept of value itself does not have a primary negative. For example, a concept of eternal recurrence would be necessary for other values. A parallel discussion denies that the 'free spirit’ is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of preservation and our need to justify our existence and our values. This is a self-created world, one that is created to be aligned with our instincts of language, morality, etc., and is thus also a kind of value-neutrality, trying to make the world what it is. The idea is that all creation must involve destruction, that is with the destruction of one’s existing mode of life. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power. Moreover, the notion of will here (the ego wills actions in its interest) is no less mistaken. Therefore, there
