======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 reveal it.

Furthermore, many effects that have traditionally been devalued (such as lust or envy) are nevertheless not merely necessary aspects of life, but even essential conditions of it. A similar point is made about even the ‘rabble’. The highest form of life would be one that has the strength to remain devoted to the ascending movement of life, regardless of conditions. The theory of the all-determining effects of milieu (a sociological concept prominent in nineteenth-century France) in favour of an account of successful or unsuccessful adaptation, where ‘adaptation’ may mean wearing a mask to appear adapted, is unacceptable. Conditions become not irrelevant but interpreted and affirmed as precisely what was needed for this ascent to happen. Zarathustra, who has sought to declare the whole course of life in it becoming up to and through himself, says ‘The time has flowed past when accidents could still befall me’. 

<|endoftext|>

Conscience is one's sense that what one is doing is the 'right' or 'wrong' thing; the concept applies whatever the sphere of action is (intellectual, practical, moral) and whatever standard of right or wrong is relevant. For example, despite temptations, the rigorous seeker after truth cannot return to romanticism or Christianity without 'dirtying' his or her intellectual conscience. Conscience can be individual, or some group can act as the conscience of an age. Not surprisingly, conscience is often associated with honesty. The idea seems to be that a good conscience is the alignment of the maxims of one's action with the growth of higher culture, of the feeling of power or the human type. This notion of conscience is an old-fashioned one.

To not adopt a questioning attitude, especially to moral questions, to not even be interested, proves neither an excellent nor lousy conscience but a lack of conscience. Here is an example of a lack of conscience that the play-actor only believes in what he can convince others of. His or her beliefs are thus reactive, and changeable depending upon the audience. We are too 'comfortable' to have resolute convictions, and therefore happily chop and change our views. We are incapable even of hypocrisy or bad intellectual conscience. If a conscience at all, the philosopher who looks to find reasons for what he or she already believes would have an evil conscience.

It is possible for conscience to be corrupted. For example, through a morality of custom, creativity buys a bad conscience – that is to say, the conscience of the social group has been internalized. Similarly, habits of obedience in a people can lead to even the commanders having a bad conscience at having to command, and masking this by pretending to follow still higher rules. The opposite movement, namely the acquisition of the ability to contradict established customs with a good conscience. Thus, the concept of the ‘intellectual conscience’, defined as the ‘conscience behind your “conscience”’, and which is precisely the ability to question one’s habits, and the customs or beliefs of one’s age.

The most sustained treatment of the theme of the genesis of conscience is presented in the Treatise of GM - that the aim here is to explore the sovereign individual, with ‘power over oneself and fate’. This idea of having a ‘long, unbreakable will’ relates to the frequent criticism of bad conscience in the sense of regretting an. But this is a ‘late’ fruit, and much of the treatise concerns preliminary stages: the breeding of the concepts of guilt and punishment from out of the debt of legal subjects and the cruelty involved in the redemption of debt. Bad conscience is initially the state of the higher human being – one whose animal part has not been entirely bred out – in society when no outlet for his or her instincts remains. It is defined as a directing against oneself of these higher instincts and desire for power; equivalently, it is a joy in the disciplined formation of oneself. Here it is not the result of an internalization of external values, but a sense that one is being is in some way defective to one is ideal. From this lousy conscience arises a sense of debt to God, a debt that could never be repaid except by a sacrifice of God on the cross. Also, this lousy conscience is both a ‘sickness’ and ‘full of future’. That is, bad conscience is a product of a culture that has reached a plateau point of peace and prosperity but is also the mechanism by which that culture, grown stagnant, is eventually undone through the creation of individuals. The sovereign individual, however, is not yet the one who can ‘reverse’ lousy conscience. That would demand that the sense of guilt would lie precisely in any positing of a God or a beyond, and any denigration of the natural instincts. Sin would be directed at anything that

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 reveal about ourselves and our differences with other modernity on moral values, however, or that values are inexpressible.ities—lies in agreement with Christian thought’. 

<|endoftext|>

This concept of equal or equality is employed to analyses about strong or weak powers and the political implications of powers in equilibrium. The essential use of equality is in discussing the moral/political notions associated with democracy or class. 

<|endoftext|>
Eternal recurrence (or ‘return’) is among the most famous and widely discussed concepts. There are two broad (and not mutually exclusive) ways of interpreting eternal recurrence. Either it is a metaphysical/cosmological claim concerning reality; or it is a test of – or element within – the highest affirmation of life. On the first of these interpretations, the whole of the real exhibits only so many combinations, which are interlinked and follow in a definite order. Thus, in infinite time, the real must repeat itself in a vast ‘year’. On each cycle, the same entities and events occur.  

The second interpretation is more important, not least because, on its own, the first is irrelevant to human values or behaviours. To affirm eternal recurrence means to exist in such a way as to celebrate eternal recurrence as if it were a cosmological truth, to want its truth. Only that form of life that has (i) overcome nihilism, (ii) also overcome the temptation of pity for higher types that are incapable of further development, (iii) overcome nausea likewise at the thought of the periods of history dominated by ressentiment or degeneration, and (iv)  loves its fate  (the notion of amor fati), would be able to affirm the eternal recurrence of all things. Nihilism must be overcome because the affirmation of eternal recurrence is an assigning of value, but imminent one, rather than founded upon some origin or telos (end or purpose).  Pity must be overcome because to will eternal recurrence is also to will the destruction even of higher humans, and in general one must the rule which is the triumph of the ‘small’. Fate must be loved because the eternal recurrence demands a willing higher than just reconciliation with or acceptance of fate. That is an affirmation, even a longing for. Moreover, the commitment of eternal recurrence is the love not only of the whole course of things but specifically of my place within them. The love of fate must include gratitude towards the cruelty of accident and my own foolishness’s (i.e. the past must be redeemed), and desire for my own ‘is going under’ (my self-overcoming to further the development of the human after that).

It might seem odd to talk about the development of the human in this context. That, though, is precisely the point: eternal recurrence demands that we free our thought from any false sense of purposes (i.e. from teleology) or origins. The ‘year’ has no beginning or end (or every moment is both beginning and end). What is essential are moments of beauty and perfection in achievement, and moments of the feeling of the growth of power. The tremendous human being returns ascending. Eternal recurrence is the affirmation of the moment, which is always in some sense the Kairos (the right moment) and an opportunity to generate a  future  (the idea of a watershed, where things are delicately balanced and could go ‘either way’).

Likewise, it might seem odd to talk about eternal recurrence being test of one’s health and affirmative strength, since my attitude towards eternal recurrence is among the things that recur. The first answer to this is that, again, this is part of the point: the love of fate is premised upon the notion that I must joyfully consider that which is no one’s responsibility, not even my own, to be a product of my will. A second answer to this query requires that we distinguish between eternal recurrence as a view from outside of time (transcendent), and as a view from within (immanent). When Zarathustra challenges that Spirit of Gravity, the latter jumps off and sits down on a rock – that is, sits by the side of the path, rather than on it. The dwarf is viewing eternal recurrence as if from the outside, and as if it did not have the dwarf himself. That is, the dwarf is trying to think the whole thing as merely a cosmological truth claim. Viewed from the inside, eternal recurrence is not really about the deterministic repetition of things and events and associated metaphysical ideas. Instead, the thought pertains only to a total affirmation of the moment. Accordingly, culminates in the various symbols of circularity becoming a wedding ring, symbolizing not a moving cycle so much as a bond of love.

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 reveal that the tragedy of love is a metaphor for the ability of an individual to love and serve without the need to master the language.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in order then to use them as instruments.

<|endoftext|>

Many moral systems have a fundamental distinction between egoistic (or selfish) motives or acts and those that are altruistic. Altruism refers to an action based entirely on concern for the welfare of others. Thus, in particular moralities, it characterizes the highest of moral virtues, or indeed the basis of morality itself. Altruism is often claimed psychologically impossible. Altruism,  at best, is an ideal caused by suffering from a lack of love or care, a sacrifice of one aspect of the self for the egoism of another, to avoid a feeling of impotence, or gain a sense of power, a desire for possession, or an illusion propagated by those who see their self- interest in becoming a function of another, or of the whole. At worst, it is a destructive and decadent ideal. Indeed, altruism involves a contradiction: the moral demand for altruism for the sake of utility is, itself, not altruistic. The feeling for others, or their state, by great humans, is often misinterpreted as altruism, when in fact it is an expression of power. Altruism is the key theme in the discussions of Spencer.

The opposition between egoism and altruism is either a false distinction (i.e. there are only varieties of egoistic acts) or one which carries a negative value for life (i.e. an ideal of altruistic acts contributes to human weakness or degeneration). The removal of the distinction leads to a ‘revaluation’ of egoism. The value of selfishness is measured by the value of the self, depending upon whether individuals are the ascending or the descending line of life. There are, in other words, many types of selfishness or egoism which are ‘despicable’ (the ‘phantom’ ego); it is selfish to consider one’s own judgement a universal law, the ‘tidal waves of selfishness’ found in absolute ages, and likewise greed or lust (in unspiritualised senses). On the other hand, selfishness that is noble or aligned to life is a chief virtue, and the ground of much that one might want to call good: for example, love and friendship, magnanimity, likewise courage and trust.

Two complications should be added, however, to the above discussion. The first is that by selfishness in many such contexts means that selfishness is an extended sense of self. For example, as far as the free spirit has comprehensive responsibility for the human future, this future is an extension of his or herself. The persuasive model for this is pregnancy – a mother’s love and care for the offspring as an extension of her selfishness. Similarly, future philosophers will understand that their ‘destiny’ is everything, and thus ‘what do I matter?’. The second is that a conception of the ego is multiple; the simplicity or unity of the ego is yet another of the metaphysical or moral errors. As living beings, we form a social order of drives, all characterized by the will to power. Moreover, the notion of will here (the ego wills actions in its interest) is no less mistaken. Therefore, there are neither egoistic nor unegoistic acts. 

<|endoftext|>

Ralph Waldo Emerson was an influential American essayist and poet of the mid-nineteenth century. Emerson has a conception of the human relation to nature that is different from Schopenhauer, involving alignment to or identification with nature, and including a definite spiritual element: ‘The happiest man is he who learns from nature the lesson of worship’. Emerson, in his description of the solitary and exceptional human who believes in his own thought, also gives an element in the concept of nobility or the over human. Also, Emerson’s notion of which includes the analysis of will and motive, the critique of consciousness as the core of human identity, the nature and importance of solitude, friendship, and the oversoul, is equal to parts Neoplatonic and Vedanta.

<
