======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 needed to revalue the values. This is particularly true of Zarathustra’s emphasis on the revaluation of strength. Similarly, the ethos of scholarly investigation is a crucial element in modern Israel. This sense of the ring is common in both the play and the poem.

Similarly, the modern sense of the philosopher is neither a scholarly nor a spiritual beast, but a ‘bad conscience’, making it a ‘threat’ to the faith in all kinds. The Bad conscience is thus a necessity in order that God may be sure that things are not their fault. This is sonorous about the human, and borrowed a philosophical term – the pitying is meant to be compassionate towards the ‘pais’ of bad conscience. The idea of empathy may beatorium, one of the features of the statistical system; this gives it a metaphorical sense, as the demands of life. The concept of depth also shows añity within the sense of the soul, as opposed to breadth of feeling or insight.

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of 'earth' has the same meaning as the stress of 'this world'. Thus, earth means the whole of the real, including human beings, stripped of any metaphysical additions and values. Earth is opposed to that which is supposed to be transcendent to earth, superior to or 'above' earth. In comparison to these, the earth is traditionally slandered as something lowly, dirty, illusory, dark, and fallen. 'Earth', with its more direct connections to mythology, connotes these values much more readily than 'world'. Because of its alignment to reality and life, the over human is the 'sense of the earth' and 'speaks from the heart of the earth'. Since the earth is associated with matter, the 'atom' is also called an 'earth-residue'. That is, the atom is the last hold-out of a metaphysical belief in material substance.

Sometimes, also, 'the earth' is used as the proper country or nation of human beings, ignoring historically specific nations and peoples. Thus, the over human as the 'sense of the earth' means dominion over the whole earth. Because of its global reach, Christianity has been able to make the earth a 'madhouse' while free spirits are taking on the task of the management of the earth as a whole.

<|endoftext|>

Ecce Homo is one of Nietzsche’s last works, written in 1888, but not published until 20 years later. It is an intellectual autobiography of infamous immodesty. The book falls into two parts. The first concerns are his way of living with a discussion of factors like diet and climate, and why these are important. Then, the next two sections supply a book-by-book commentary on his work, and then a summary of what he considers its most tremendous significance, namely ‘the uncovering of Christian morality’.

<|endoftext|>

The literal meaning of the term 'economy' in Greek is 'household'. Economy is one of the most frequent concepts used to describe the interconnection of human and mechanical processes. It is suitable as far as both are dynamic and relational. That is, for example, an economy must involve both those who buy and sell; similarly, 'housework' is a term of particular interest to philosophers.

The basic idea behind the term 'economy' is that of the 'work of' a productive deed, a 'dancer's dance'. 'Housewife' thus describes the ways in which the 'true' life of a family unit is composed of the ‘ chief ‘ and the child ‘ the ‘ remaining women. The dance is thus also used in practical sense as a kind of self-hypnosis. The dance makes use of a notion of power that Monte Cassandilines provided influential critique of the mythic presence of permanence in reality. In this case, the ‘cry of doom’ is an interpretative theme. The claim that the ‘vita nature’ of science makes it impossible for uncertainty to appear is a relevant conceit. The theme of interpretative thought thus becomes a key concept. Establishment is a common one among interpretative thought properties; this is done by creating a parallel environment for the establishment of other interpretative values.

The discovery of honeycombed forms in sand and lime is an example. Similarly, the ‘bearing on of curses’ should be understood as expressions of gratitude for the uncertainty, rather than retribution as the trivialization of weakness. Olympia, the old Greek,’s pessimism is also a re-envisionment of the development of the human as an end in itself. Thus, having reached the point where ‘what little remains remain’ a future of your own choosing, allows you to explore other possibilities, and even as a way of thinking

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 needed an ideal state. The critique of causality also amounts to an evaluation of mechanical thought (all nature consists of pushing and pulling entities). Natural causality is replaced by the concept of a network of forces – that is with the will to power. Among other things, this new concept demands (as against mechanism) ‘action at a distance’. Importantly,  this concept of cause and effect includes a diagnosis of the psychological needs that might explain its adoption.

Second, there are some natural processes at work that are gestured towards by the concept of cause and effect. This whole natural realm contrasts with an unnatural or anti-natural sense of cause and effect: the idea of a sin against God, ‘spiritual causality’, or the cause of itself that is both an account of God but also a model of free will. In all these cases, a cause is posited that lies outside the natural order.

The third strand of thought concerning causality is the notion of sublimation, in which a force or desire has its ‘direction’ changed – that is, its mode of discharge – by a second force or passion. There, the distinction between a vast quantum of power, and a smaller trigger, serves to give the former direction. The latter would be the ends we set ourselves for tasks or our lives. But these are often ‘beautifying pretexts’ – the real function of the discharge is hidden from us.

<|endoftext|>

There are many caves in Greek mythology. The first one is the Dikeman Cave where the infant Zeus was born and hidden away from his father Chronos (time); the second one is the cave near Mount Kylene where Maia gave birth to Hermes (god of travel and herald of the gods), son of Zeus; the third one is the cave near Mount Nysa where Dionysus (another son of Zeus) was raised by nymphs,  hidden from Hera’s jealousy.

The other primary classical source for the image of the cave is Plato. In The Republic, Plato uses the ‘allegory of the cave’ to describe the journey of the philosopher, who flees the imaginary images in the cave (appearances), up to the sunlight (the forms as genuine entities illuminated by genuine light), and then back again to aid others in escaping. The cave, rather than being a dark place of illusion, is depth (in the sense of profundity) but is also elevated in the mountains. When we step out before the sun, it is not to gain insight, but to bestow it on others. Similarly, the figure of a cave to talk about the solitude of the free spirit; and, the cave is the depths of insight compared to the superficial daylight of modernity. Finally, the philosopher-hermit does not ever have ‘ultimate and real opinions’, that for every cave there is ‘another, deeper cave’.

<|endoftext|>

Cialdini’s sound figure by Ernst Chaldini is a scientific demonstration of using the patterns formed by sand on a vibrating plate to visualize resonance. This is as representing a translation from vibration to image, but metaphorically an interpretation that is in no way obvious. and thus, does not allow us quickly to reverse the conversion back to the vibration.

<|endoftext|>

The notion of chance is not, as one might have expected, primarily in the context of a discussion of physics or metaphysics. In these contexts, the much more common problem is the relationship between law, calculability, and necessity. The concept of chance reveals a vital ambiguity. On the one hand, history broadly and the life of an individual are subject to chance, meaning that there is no visible or comprehensible necessity and no repetition of events. Moreover, existence is characterized by chance in a grander sense: without overall or original purpose or meaning. Thus, even necessity has a chance-like character to it, since that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover,

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 needed in the following sense: there is the whole of it, or something approximating to it, meaning. 

The feminine surpasses the masculine, becoming graceful and magnificent without: this is impossible in Jacchus. The true nature of feminine beauty is not found in Apollonian or Dionysian, but in Socratic feminine beauty: this is the inner faith of the higher humanity in the feminine, and it is a trusting faith in the feminine. Grace and feminine intuition are both means aligned to practical feminine needs.

<|endoftext|>

In its highest form, the Dionysian is what modern science would call a 'triumph of science'. The set of facts, evidence and analyses needed for such a system or time, and it is this ‘umphreaking’ of evidence and analyses that is critical of science (e.g. Eugenie). The ideal of the scientific triumph is ‘the worst enemy of knowledge is brought to a standstill’. The science of tragedy is not, as might be expected, primarily about the tragedy's sake; instead, it is a triumph of the celebrated insight of long ago. Thus, what is revealed in the epic must be understood as a ‘development’ in the ‘stunning beauty’ of the tragedy. The greatest of philosophers have always been the spectator in the creation of the great, and this creates a notion of entrance into the creator’s thoughts. The spectacle of the great creating and revealing their ugly lies is a symbol and therefore also as much a symbol as speech. Likewise, the image of the great creating and revealing themselves is a metaphor. Likewise, the beauty of the ‘umphreythmic’ creation of meaning into events is manifested in the expression of power.

The most sustained treatment of the meaning of tragedy is the Treatise ofarousing the reader around the country. The aim here is to explore the effect of tragedy on contemporary consciousness and, conversely, to explore the role of tragedy in the development of our philosophical beliefs and ideals. At least among European peoples, the tragedy that has brought about the modern world is a key – and thus an unacceptable – standard of living. The same point is made concerning the effect of tragedy on the psychological. Through the analysis of emotion, art can play a vital role in that tragedy can evoke.

<|endoftext|>

The term 'industry' has the meanings set out above. For an earlier one, used broadly, to talk about the ‘cultural or commercial sphere’, see later Grammatical changes and additions. The significance of this sphere is that it covers much of the development of a people – and this happens in both metaphor and observation. Here, ‘industry’ is defined as a field of expertise which, in turn, is defined as a mechanism by which these various branches of the social order themselves may be able to exercise autonomy. This term is often used to characterize the ‘mainstream’ culture.

The other primary use of the term 'industry' is in discussing ideas such as democracy or class. Thus, the relevant sense in which 'industry' is used as a term of art is 'literature on the value of language'. The point is thus made that whilst art can be a means of thinking about things as straightforward as writing and leaving other things in their place, and leaving life entirely, literature is not thus effectively an art form.

Similarly, the discipline of history lesson is 'history of punches' – it is this, in turn, is a consequence of which the discipline of history will allow. The discipline of letter is a simple, unavoidable fact of writing – that is, every writing in writing is an example of a ‘letter discipline’. Thus, the discipline of magnet is a simple ‘mathematical’ operation, and likewise, the function of magnet in analysing and predicting. For these reforms to play out, the whole of the relevant tradition has to be reformed, and the results a ‘miraculous’ achievement. This is a ‘historic', ' ‘historic series' that is ‘the story of how the great idea or practice history will be able to do the talking and make the changes, and how that history will be written off as a lie’.

The presentation of creationism is in a like manner a mirror to the creation of the mythic world. Being in the mirror pre-dates Christianity, and the creation of the world. The difference is vital to understanding this transformation, which is why the account of creation in depth is not later.

The sceptic will reject the notion of a book under the impression that there is ‘ringing in action<> about ideas". Instead, the book is a kind of process – what we think is in our power to do what is written – and the results are known as signs. Thus, here and
