======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 all the aspects of Christianity appear to be a priori impossible. Belief in God – and the values that go with it – is a necessity.ibaba follows this view that the most natural course of action is to affirm the affirmation of others. In other words,  for example, neither the affirmation of gender nor sexuality (sex, or intoxication) are accidents or even by chance or even of necessity. Rather, there has a creative, overall welfare of all things, including ourselves and those around us. 

<|endoftext|>

There are several related concepts about 'despising' with four different broad uses can be found.

The despising of the self. Christian self-despising arises from out of the impossibility of living up to the ideal of selfless acts, especially in the 'brilliant mirror' that is God's selflessness; similarly, to feel contented with some aspect of him or herself, the Christian must despise some other part. Such self-hatred creates an artistic 'need' of a lower kind: a narcotic to disguise one's discontentment. Hatred for the self can be externalized in an act (real or imaginary) of revenge. On the other side, it is essential to be well disposed towards oneself to avoid one's actions being determined by reaction or ressentiment. Reverence for the self is thus a noble trait.

The despising of the master. In a psychological inversion, which is also called ‘ressentiment’, those individuals or peoples who were enslaved (literally or metaphorically) created a value system from out of their hatred of their masters. Whatever characteristics the masters had, these would now be called ‘evil’; the features of the slaves (meekness, poverty, etc.) would be called ‘good’. Thus, the inversion of the ancient view that work is contemptible. Significantly, there has a clear distinction between the ‘hatred’ of the slaves and the ‘despising’ of the noble class. At the root of the latter is the ‘feeling of happiness in oneself’. 

The ‘great despising’. The idea is that the human being, as far as of fixed character and resistant to becoming and growth, must be judged despicable from the perspective of life, or of future human possibilities. The ‘great despising’ then is this judgement conceived of as generally applicable (i.e. to humanity as a whole), as a primary effect associated with our individual philosophical development, and as productive to the future of the human. An important passage is ‘On the despisers of the body’. The argument is that these despisers’ despising is worthy of respect. However, they are still in some way reactive, or incapable of ‘creating beyond themselves’; their despising is a negation and thus not productive. It is not a ‘loving despising’. Similarly, Zarathustra says to the ‘ape’ who warns him about the great city ‘I despise your despising’ for it is founded upon impotent rage and revenge. An earlier version of this idea is intriguingly entitled ‘The over animal’. Also, the theme of despising again should be understood as a revaluation of the Christian theme of loving one’s enemies - the redeeming human of the great love and despising.

Contempt act as a feeling of power. To have contempt for something – that is, for one’s negative value judgement to achieve the level of a passion – is a mode of feeling power-over. It is, therefore, a primary drive. Likewise, the modern feeling that freedom is an absence of discipline. Equally importantly, the sense of power is a vital part of pity. Alternatively, self-contempt is found in empathy, as far as one projects one’s suffering onto others.  

<|endoftext|>

The devil has three primary meanings. First, it is common fears and traditional conceptions of evil. Second, the devil may be certain temptations, through which one might deviate from or be held down from one’s path of growth. Zarathustra’s devil is the ‘spirit of gravity’, while the sorcerers is ‘spirit of melancholy’ (gravity and melancholy are both variations on the word ‘Schwarz’ which means ‘heavy’). Third, the devil indicates the interconnection of the good and the bad, the positive and negative (i.e. the notion that opposites are not opposite). Thus, the devil is just God’s leisure every seventh day.

<|endoftext|>

Although in philosophical history the notion of dialectic has other reference points than this (Kant and

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 all are associated with Apollonian beauty and lyric poetry. The Apollonian beauty is ‘over’ – the beauty of oneself and other beings. Such despising of others is a form of self-overcoming.

‘The Birth of Tragedy’, with its lack of scholarly apparatus, energetic and figure-laden prose, philosophical and psychological speculation, and a mixture of ancient and modern contexts, was not what the philological community expected. It has three primary purposes and correspondingly divides into three sections. First, to elaborate a theory of ancient Greek tragedy as a synthesis of two metaphysically understood cultural drives (Apollonian and Dionysian). In this way, ‘The Birth of Tragedy’ solves the relationship between cheerfulness and pessimism ingeniously - how could the Greeks, with their in-depth knowledge of suffering and futility, have remained cheerful? Second, ‘The Birth of Tragedy’ traces the reasons for the decline of tragedy to a third drive, the Socratic, which is also the advent of science and modernity. Third, ‘The Birth of Tragedy’ seeks to understand what it would mean, and what it would take, for tragedy to be reborn in the present. The account of culture is thus revealed to be a general one, and not specific to Greece. The book is heavily influenced (although not entirely uncritically) by Schopenhauer, and especially in its third part plays homage to Wagner. 

<|endoftext|>

Otto von Bismarck was the leading political figure in Germany from the 1860s to 1890. Bismarck provoked wars that in turn led to the unification of Germany around Prussian leadership. His brand of pragmatic and power politics, and his nationalism, made him as a symbol of all that was wrong with modern Germany.  

<|endoftext|>

Blood is a metaphor of life and a key symbol in Christianity for a life made eternal by being cleansed of sin. Notably, blood stands for the specific mode of life of an individual or group; thus, history transformed into blood: morals part of our ‘flesh and blood’. Blood is accumulated and passed down, forming peoples, types, or families (Geblüt means belonging to an aristocratic family line). Blood is that which makes one strong and capable of creating so that we have the vampire or leech images; also, the life-draining of specific ideas or practices, revenge, or asceticism or nihilism. Blood is precious; therefore, the mention thereof aphorisms and of things written in blood being an effort to read. Blood is also courage and the love of danger so that which is written in blood will take risks and those who read it to take risks with themselves.  Blood means sacrifice or martyrdom, which the idea is related to Christian symbolism, but also to Bismarck’s famous speech in 1862, where he uses the phrase ‘iron and blood’ to describe a nationalistic foreign policy not afraid to risk warfare.

<|endoftext|>

Body means the human body as opposed to just any material object. If one rejects dualism – an account of the mind or soul as fundamentally different from, even separable from, the body – then bodily states are sensations, appetites, passions and so on, and thought and reason. In turn, this means that the one set of processes (those traditionally associated with a body) and the other (those usually associated with a mind) will require a similar set of explanatory accounts—this joint descriptive account in a materialistic account of physiology. The will to power seems to provide such an account that does not involve the metaphysical commitments of materialism. Moreover, these two sets must also influence each other (indeed overlap or coincide) much more than is thought. Importantly, the individual body is not necessarily the primary object of enquiry – groups based on gender, class, or race are treated as effectively one body. That is, certain groups are effectively a single organism. For example, the mobility and intermarriage of various human types vertically across classes, and geographically across Europe and beyond, has created mixed physiologies and thus also new types of cultural forces or possibilities.

Similarly, this account of the body explains with the concept of health or growth in both physical and spiritual ways, and with practices like diet, cleanliness, or discipline.  Through such methods, bodies can be developed (or made ill) through what sometimes calls internalisation or incorporation.

The sickness of the body, and a misunderstanding of this sickness, forms the whole of philosophy. The most obvious example of this is the denigration of the body and what are taken to be its characteristics: sex, desire, sensuality, potent effects of all kinds. From this denigration arise certain ascetic practices that seek to repress the body

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 all will be called a ‘piece of filth’ a concept borrowed some distance fetid from cold and lush from tropical forests, and finally falling prey to the temptation of the ‘cry of ‘abundance’.

Sadness is opposite to filth: on the part of priests and saviour of the human, the soft-spoken aspects of pity are effectively a condition of greatness (agon). Mozart, Mozart, the tyrant. The tyrant is the other side of the coin: more generally, the idea of the theatrical stage as the vehicle for the production of virtue. Thus, for example, philosophical passages that reach down to the masses. The Mozart’s phrase for this. At least, the stage is Uruguay’s Dionysian figurehead, stage for the ascent of human greatness, not towards the ‘animal’ or ‘animal world’, but towards life as the healthy reaction of the decadent ideal. This is a discussion about art and culture itself, not just between cultures, but between classes and over time. Culture is a proof of the need for unity, not a rejection. Theanda here is talking about the 1960s and '70s; the obvious connection between art and andand; andthe related idea about the moral need for art is inapplicable to culture or humans.In other words, contemporary art is a modern vehicle for the production of virtue; and,an account of the necessity of beauty for health and growth.Beautify!’ Theros says ‘to creation’ ‘made’hip.’

Francois de la Rochefoucauld is acknowledged as the personification of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries science and civilisation as a process of cruelty and exhaustion. Beauty and science together are discussed. The discovery of thropy is contrasted to decadence in a positive and aspirational sense, which is also contrasted to the appearance of beauty.

The concept of culture can be used as a definition of culture

of culture extension of labour, education or other modern institutions;

modernisation of what is in some sense a lost pastedge especially in the context of the economic and political growth of the modern period;

modernisation and the self-imposed ideal of hierarchical egoism means that the total lack of culture can be positive and healing; moreover,  this culture can be life-affirming or even destructive. 

<|endoftext|>

The literal meaning of the term 'economy' in Greek is 'household'. Economy is one of the most frequent concepts used to describe the interrelated, systematic nature of life (or, for example, the soul). It is suitable as far as both are dynamic and relational. That is, for example, an economy must involve both those who buy and sell; analogously, the system of life will have to apply both active and passive, weak and intense moments of will to power.

<|endoftext|>

The term education has a broader meaning in culture and thus is also employed to express the process of cultivation. However, it is often used as equivalent to Rehang. Education, and significantly higher education, was a perennial theme. 

Following reforms in the early nineteenth century, which were primarily led by Humboldt, Prussia had one of the first ‘modern’ education systems in the world: publicly funded schools, teacher certification and further or higher education available based upon ability rather than class. Likewise, Humboldt had a significant role in the creation of the modern university, enshrining principles like academic independence, general rather than vocational education, and the close relation between teaching and research. However, such reforms were counter-productive, being founded on a Socratic notion of science in which knowledge is understood as information rather than a way of living, a way of thinking or involving genuine insight. The non-vocational system was serving a different kind of vocation: creating servants of economy and state, and merely reproducing or reinforcing the current system of values. Moreover, without a cultivated grasp of German, classical education is only ‘a leap in the dark’, and there is no possibility of a genuine or authentic culture. Education for culture is something different from knowledge for economic social or political roles.

Modern education, with its post-reform shape and the universal franchise, is an offshoot of modern ideas of equality and democracy. Education should be a privilege and not versatile, although this privilege should not be bound to the class. Universities have become increasingly compartmentalized, with narrow specialization, a lack of vision and redundant experimentation. Likewise, the historical sense pervades all education, including the teaching of language, taught as a dead object of study rather than a living practice, as ‘living through’ what one learns. In contrast, the philosopher must be self-educated after having passed through a variety of specializations, in
