======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 foundation or mode of life, or a class. Education for culture is a double betrayal of the master.

<|endoftext|>

True education is any education that is in some fortunate situation – for example, the formation of a new state. Education for culture is a destruction. Education for culture is a choice made from the conditions of poverty to ensure that no great talent shows itself. Thus, if knowledge of a great greatness is hidden, it is not because it is not among equals, but because its ‘creation’ is represented both as common and as exceptional. Indeed, the combination into a whole is a miracle and is thus a homogeneous group. It is thus appropriate. Similarly, those who are contemplating marriage should ask themselves ‘have you the right to wish for a child’.

The notion of the ‘eternal child’  is an allusion to Ovid’s account of Jacchus (associated with Dionysus, particularly in the idea of perpetual rebirth).  The concept also has a reference to Heraclitus, who wrote that time, or the creator, is a child building with, then scattering, his playthings. Mozart was often called an ‘eternal child’. The concept of child has two-fold. First, that psychologically, there is no sharp divide between childhood and adulthood, and to believe there is shown an unhealthy devotion to seriousness. Second, that in the ‘genuine man, a child is hidden, it wants to play’  – that is, the higher human will embrace the concepts of play, toys, laughter, or fantasy. Thus, if knowledge removes its playthings, it will have to create others in a perpetual cycle. 

<|endoftext|>

China and the Chinese have two aspects. First, the impression in Asian thought which was inspired at least in part by Schopenhauer. Second, the Chinese have an entirely different form of life, to the extent that the Chinese are a distinct type of human being. This is manifested in their valuation of work, and attributes of the great age of their civilization.

<|endoftext|>

There are three aspects of Christianity. First, and famously, it is the bitter attack on Christianity, especially its effects on modernity. Christianity is responsible for breeding (or domesticating) human beings into a herd animal; Christianity espouses hatred of rationality, but also the body and any bodily passion (i.e. one not directed towards God); more generally, it is in part responsible for the prevalence of the ascetic ideal and the practices it devises, which in turn has ruined the health and taste of modern Europe and continues in disguised form in morality and science; it is responsible for a whole host of moral concepts but especially that of pity; in its denigration of becoming concerning actual being, it is in part responsible for the cultural paralysis induced by the historical sense; Christianity involves the destruction of the ability to read philologically; finally, it has waged war upon the noble, healthy and powerful (the ‘slave revolt’), and in the end broken most of the great (e.g. Wagner) before the cross. Much of this damage is historical; however, importantly, many of these values or practices continue surreptitiously, even without their basis intact. This attack is directed primarily towards Christianity because of its dominant position within European history and present. Still, some of these points are also valid concerning other religions (especially Judaism) or philosophies (especially Platonism).

Second, Christianity is a frequent object of genealogical analysis – that is, a historical account of the origin and development of concepts, values, or practices. This way of thinking overlaps with the first, above.  Jesus is characterised as a kind of Buddhist, whose teachings were catastrophically misinterpreted by Paul. Paul’s notion of the impossibility of virtue and the need for revenge against the law. Here have various accounts of the origin of the concept of sin; similarly, the idea of debt or guilt when raised to its highest point, necessitated Christianity’s stroke of genius: The God sacrificed.

Third, it is about the positive contribution that Christianity – despite its explicit aims – has had. Christianity involves a powerful cultural drive to produce greatness in the form of the saint (although its association with the modern state corrupted this). Similarly, Christianity provided human beauty and refinement. In France, the Christian realized itself as the supreme human being – and thus also this is the place where high free spirits could arise since they needed ‘perfect opponents. Christianity has taught us moral scepticism. Christianity rescued the ancient world from its decadency, and in some way preserved it. Christian practices, including especially the ascetic, have produced an agile intellect capable of understanding perspective. Likewise, Christian values and institutions can now be understood as tools for the advantage of the higher nobility.

<|

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 foundation, education, etc. These conditions must eventually have an impact upon a thought, and upon the ability of thought to be critical or creative with respect to values. This list very much includes the everyday things around us: for example, our daily habits, our diet, and where (e.g. climate, city, town, or country) and in what we live. 

<|endoftext|>

The cloud has no symbolic meaning. If the Dionysian has reappeared in modernity, then the Greek sense of the Apollonian must also have appeared. There the theatrical practice of disguising behind a ‘cloud’ the ropes and pulleys of stage apparatus alludes that things (e.g. a character being a god) are made to appear. This is known as the due’s ex Machina. However, this cloud is also an allusion to the Apollonian ‘cocooned itself away’; this cloud is also a cocoon. In addition, the cloud is that which obscures, or which is neither one thing nor another. The cloud is also, of course, the source of lightning either because it is elevated or because it is interpreted as fearful.

<|endoftext|>

To comfort is to ease suffering, whether physical or spiritual. Tragedy presents suffering in a way such that we are protected by the Apollonian image (what we might call artistic comfort), and also that we understand that beneath suffering is an unbreakable unity and continuity of life (‘metaphysical comfort’). It is romantic pessimism, or practical nihilism, and already half-way to religious faith. The desire to relieve suffering is also part of the notion of pity. Christianity is a great treasure of the most ingenious means for comforting. The Christian ascetic priest cannot attack the underlying sickness that causes suffering but can combat its symptoms.

<|endoftext|>

The primary condition of communication is the sharing of a language – a system of signs and significations. But what is signified is by no means either ‘raw’ (i.e. uninterpreted) experiences or things in the world; somewhat, these significations are changed by values. Therefore, having a language in common is dependent upon also sharing a set of values. It follows that communication of thoughts that depend upon a new set of values, or those values themselves, is the most difficult. Moreover, one’s values are a product of one’s constitution – for example, various inheritances from the past, including both cultural and genetic, the habits that form a mode of life, etc. So, to communicate genuinely new thoughts or values would be to transform the listener. There is the same problem with interpreting or understanding ancient cultures. Particularly to the ancient Greeks,  there is an aloneness that is difficult and perhaps impossible to bridge (‘Homer’s Contest’); alternatively, if it can be bridged, would result in a transformation of the present – this, for example, is the reason which gets repeatedly emphasised the Greek sense of religion.

This ‘pessimistic’ view of language is not the final word, however. That which is noble will have both a need and even an ability to communicate singular values ‘to men and things. Notice in these passages that the idea is expressed in terms of an overflowing of fullness. There is an echo in that passage of Kant’s notion of genius as having (among other things) the ability to hit upon a communicative vehicle for an idea that, in different ways, is inexpressible. This idea in saying that the purpose of style is to communicate states –  ‘I was the first to discover the great rhythm, the great style of the period’.

The concept of mythic symbols represents the mechanism by which culture might be unified, and thus share the basis for communication concerning that which is genuinely significant. Also, concepts of metaphor, symbol, and allegory as mechanisms by which communication might be able to surpass its built-in limits. So, for example, the ‘man of intuition’ discussed at the end of ‘Truth and Lies’ occupies a world where things are liberated from their bondage under functional needs and accompanying values. Furthermore, the concept of Dionysian can also be considered through this fashion. This ‘inspired’ state is thus key to the noble attempt to communicate to and transform others. However, the free spirit sometimes needs to avoid communication even to his or her closest friends, either to protect the self and its ideals or them. 

"God is such a bad communicator" - the joke at the expense of religious controversy, which was often over points of interpretation, and the recently developed science of biblical hermeneutics, the purpose of which was to apply the rigorous methods of philology and history to sacred texts

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 foundation (and arguably also in Darwin), strife and contest are positive, generating in Heraclitus a cosmic sense of justice, in Greek culture generally pushing humans towards greatness, and in Darwinian thought, the struggle is a crucial feature of the mechanism of natural selection and the development of species. This struggle for limited resources is not the chief characteristic of the overall 'economy' of life.

Cultural advancement happens through conflict; likewise, the history of scientific development and the development of dialectic in philosophy and ultimately of logic ('Socrates and Tragedy'); the best friendship is not an agreement but antagonism: 'let us be enemies too, my friends!', and similarly a good enemy is an asset; man and woman are said to be locked in antagonism; likewise the masculine and feminine, by means of which agon is symbolised erotically; Wisdom 'loves only a warrior' is a metaphorical evocation of agon in philosophical overcoming. The instinct for struggle is not always productive, however, and must be had or discharged in a way that does not threaten. This was the role of a state; in other words, the proper function of the state is to harness the agon.

The struggle is either among those of equal power, or unequal. The former may yield enhancement (for both parties). One reason struggle may not be productive is that it is not among equals: to war against an inferior is ignoble or shameful, to war against a superior is irreverent. Agon is productive, then, only if it recognises differences, rather than collapses them.

Thus, the concept of the agon is also part of 'modern ideas' such as equality, democracy or socialism. Similarly, tyranny is a monopoly of power that collapses power towards an individual—the struggle among agents within a social group. Struggle is also internal; however: since the individual self is formed of a multiplicity of drives, an agonistic 'society' is also found within the self. Thus, for example, the ascetic struggles to repress specific drives, or against enervation. 

<|endoftext|>

'The Great' King of Macedonia and famously conqueror of the known world from Greece east to India by the age of 32. Alexander gave Greek culture throughout the ancient world and brought Eastern culture West. When, 'Alexandrian' culture is a reference to wide dissemination, but also the attendant, Socratic turn of cultural scholarship to the mere accumulation of information (symbolised by the library at Alexandria). Thus, what are needed now are a series of 'anti-Alexanders' who concentrate and purify. Alexander is already a caricature of early Greek civilisation, exaggerated and simplified, although still displaying their deep-rooted cruelty ('Homer’s Contest’). The story of Alexander cutting the Gordian knot is a commonly used image.

<|endoftext|>

An allegory is an image (visual or described in language) that has a certain coherence on its terms (is, for example, a recognisable thing, a character, a narrative) but also carries a symbolic meaning. This is conventional for a few added examples. Allegory can be termed ‘ironic’ when the allegorical vehicle already has a symbolic meaning of its own, but something else is meant. An example would be the use of the image of the heavens. The heavens become a symbol of the absence of providence. 

Philosophical thinking about the nature of allegory begins early. While music is understood to be directly symbolic of the original unity of things, lyric poetry employs allegories to try the same symbolic work.  The same point is made concerning the allegorical nature of myth. The pure musical route, though, is untranslatable or incommunicable, and thus is not anything like an insight into or wisdom concerning the original unity. Thus, while Apollonian images are appearances – and thus,  it would seem something like the opposite of knowledge  – when they function as allegories, they are in fact an important mechanism of wisdom.

Even your best love is only a rapturous allegory. Here we have a factual situation (love or marriage) carrying symbolic meaning for those involved in that situation and for others. This is a case of a particular image (real marriage) that symbolises an idea but also serve as a set of practices or institutions that may inspire one to understand or pursue that ideal. In this case, the ideal is the role of masculine and feminine drives within the total health of both organism and culture. There is a similar use of the concept of allegory. In all these cases, human practices or institutions that may have utility on their terms, but which gain much of their significance from their allegorical meaning.

It is repeated that all permanence is a poet’s allegory, and the poets lie too much. All that is transient is merely allegory’.
