======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 drives an interesting distinction of opinions about and from art, and a tendency towards the claim that differences in intellectual taste lead to monopoly of power. This claim is anhistoric in character. More importantly, it is an important feature of Christian thought’s early and successful period, and a characteristic of modernity. The point is elaborated: not a decline in value of tragedy, but a transformation into the Christian; this would be a 'reconciliation' of the guilt of sin; a revaluation of the value of a product: ‘give me your (Christian’’s) value, or take my chance’. The revaluation of importance is not just a return to the pre-Christian West, but to all the past and present. In other words, only a historical descent, that is a historical duality is possible. This is a brief speech to a religious people, aimed specifically at him, which is usually ‘foolish and short’.

<|endoftext|>

Happy because unconcerned with past or future, or not stricken by heavy thoughts (here, chewing the cud means focused in the present moment, not prone to nausea). The cow is also patient and seeing, and thus a metaphor for reading and interpretation as an art lost in modernity; rumination means to consider and contemplate without hurry. The cow is trusting, not slighted by distance or change; warm and reassuring like a faithful companion. The cow is an essential religious symbol: the beings who could become godlike are industrious enough to remain warm and aware of the roots of sickness, and not careless about them.

<|endoftext|>

There are two layers of meaning to the term 'creation'.  First, 'creation" signifies to the religious or theological terminology, but its use is not confined to such contexts; second, 'creation' is a slightly more 'ordinary' term about concepts, such as 'making', 'crafting' or producing'.

On the aspect of religious and theological meaning in 'creation', this 'creation' does not belong to us as individuals; instead, we are a 'channel' through which the will is the creator of art. This concept comes from Kant – the artistic genius of how nature gives the rule to art – but by way of a Schopenhauerian conception of the will. In general, then, creation is used when it is a question of the artist being a vehicle in this sense; or at any rate, having reached a victorious pinnacle of achievement that is miraculous to other artistic or cultural efforts. Significantly, this creation is associated with the production of a new future. Here is a contrast amongst contemporary artists and the Greeks who were 'creators of men'. That is, creation in Greece is not understood in a trivial sense as 'originality' and this scepticism has extended further: creation with religious and theological meaning is a product of human thought or development. However, it is a miracle and is thus assigned to the influence of the divine.

'Creation' with the meaning about thoughts is a distinct word but not a different concept. Indeed, to the extent that this type of 'creation' might carry something of the meaning to the religious and theoretical nature of 'creation', its validity gets dismissed. Furthermore, 'creation' in favour of the notion of pregnancy also be rejected. The association of fertility or procreation with 'creation' is common. This gives us a clue to the in-depth concept of 'creation' that it is to be understood as 'creation' from out of oneself, of what is in some sense already there. One relevant analogy, borrowed from Michelangelo's sonnets, is with the sculptor 'releasing' the sculpture from out of the stone. Only under rare historical conditions is creation primarily or initially an external giving of form, for example, the formation of a new state. Thus, creating oneself is associated with 'becoming who you are'. Only in this way could one 'create beyond oneself'. The idea is that becoming aligned to and affirmative of one has placed in the development of life and the human, is already to create beyond oneself; moreover, in so doing, one brings closer a future of still more significant growth. Such creation involves generating need or distress within oneself.

The second aspect of creation is that the first act of creation is in the domain of values. 'Things' – what is encountered or experienced – are objects for an act of naming or valuing. So, the discussion of creating a new medical responsibility is not an ordinary nominalism -where things are assigned names without reference to any essence. Thus, to develop new values means to create new things. Likewise, and therefore, future philosophers' knowing is creating. The formation of a people and its culture determine the first acts of creation; later, in the context of the decadence of the former, nature becomes the provenance of a great individual. It is the right of the

======== SAMPLE 2 ========
 drives to its proper symbolic functioning is a crucial feature of the understanding of the 'artist'.

Even your happiest dreams are not youresthetics. A good many lines of epistemology or philosophical material could be understood to conflictinate against each other. The relation of Chrysostom to this conflict is considered. The relationship of art to sexuality is discussed. Art can be a tool for self-knowledge or the 'soul-slanderer' – a description that the rational soul has for herself and herself – learns from the ‘art of life’. 

<|endoftext|>

The notion of chance is not, as one might have expected, primarily in the context of a discussion of physics or metaphysics. In these contexts, the much more common problem is the relationship between law, calculability, and necessity. The concept of chance reveals a vital ambiguity. On the one hand, history broadly and the life of an individual are subject to chance, meaning that there is no visible or comprehensible necessity and no repetition of events. Moreover, existence is characterized by chance in a grander sense: without overall or original purpose or meaning. Thus, even necessity has a chance-like character to it, since that necessity is not willed. Where its highest values are concerned, human cognition cannot accept chance; thus, the simplifying operation of cognition makes such chance appear as necessity and subjection to natural law, or as purpose or will. This simplification has moral consequences: the great idea of the innocence of chance is found at D13 in the context of a discussion of punishment. So, for example, simple mistakes are counted as crimes against God or justice, while the happy accident which is a great human being is accounted evil. Indeed, even the origin of those mental functions by which we think necessity (knowledge, reason, logic) lies in chance, that is in some fortunate event of prehistory in which a useful new characteristic or technique was stumbled upon. Likewise, the relationship between a genuine culture and the philosopher: without such a culture, the philosopher is a chance appearance like a ‘comet’. Moreover, without that culture – that is to say, in most times and places – the great human is crushed by chance, and this tempts one to pity. Nevertheless, love and gratitude towards such chance are needed.

On the other hand, there is a necessity (or a fate) at work in cultural production, particularly art and philosophy. Here, the chance is defined against some underlying necessity, one that may be a willed achievement. For example, the rhetoric of the New Testament is not an ‘accident’ but is an intensification of a characteristic of the Jewish people. Again, the advent of Wagner could not be chance. Especially in the sphere of culture, greatness means allowing an underlying necessity, rather than incidental chances or irrelevant details, to guide one’s hand.

Likewise, the course of history is that illusion created by the exhaustion of power, or chance at a distant future. Thus, greatness means allowing the courage to even dream, and the courage to sacrifice oneself in the name of some higher ideal. This courage is not yet courage but anticipes optimism. 

<|endoftext|>

In Christian morality, the search for a ‘closest thing’ to the good and the good people of a community, the ‘governing idea’ is a crucial concept. The idea is that every other factor, such as class, is a lie and must be eliminated. That is, the pathos of distance (‘cruel and weak laws?’), distance from a distant goal (suffering and curses?), or distance from the real (that which is outside one’s capacity). The idea is that we newcomers to the world to benefit from the climate or the soil, and which is surrounded by curses, is a distant thing. Such a pathos is akin to the way that a Christian who stays hidden from the Catholic Church is a bad conscience.

<|endoftext|>

There is the idea of duty or the duty of not to act, a notion since the first Kantian dialectic between philosophy and morality. In Kant, there is a sense in things and events that are moral for themselves (i.e. unadulterated by consequence or guide by analogy). But, there is a crucial difference and is studied in much higher philosophy. For example, in severe moral practices, there is a clear distinction between the ‘accumulated will to power’ and the will to power, the ‘true will to science’ and concentrate on the present moment. Will to power is a primitive world of affects. However, the study of the moral system will to power find out the reasons for certain actions (e.g. the instincts of the criminal), and the reasons for which were hidden by the Sophisticate. Finally, and importantly

======== SAMPLE 3 ========
 drives of human beings are unavoidable, and human development must be irregular. 'Ecce Homo': In a superficial sense, marriage is a protective and controlling relationship between heaven and earth. But through liberalisation and modernisation, the earth has been transformed – and caste is no longer confined to a specific class but also everyone's descendent. Thus, the earth is also an 'opposite ideal" to antagonism).

<|endoftext|>

The emphasis of ruthlessness is on the an as both ironic and as relevant. Historically, ruthlessness was defined as the ruthlessness of the point of no return, without resolute action. That is, if ruthlessness is a contradiction then ruthlessness is always found in an egoistic life, then a tendency towards over-determination, and so forth. At worst, the ruthlessness is a virtue. Indeed, there is a real life altruism – a choice and an action which brings about an overall disposition towards the world and an excess of energy – in favour of utility and heading. Something like character is at the root of selfishness, which is thought of as a reward. Thus, the highest human beings of the present will be both ‘genuine’ and ‘honest’ beings. The moral demand for the dreamer as a mechanism for stimulating creativity is, itself, not dissimilar. The dream is a mask – that is, a mode of things – which a dreamer may reveal to his or her self-esteem. In that case, the dreamer is ‘the devil’ – that is, the devil is not the actor in the film, but the dream. That the devil is the masker's reflection on the real, as well as ‘castes’, which are often a sublimation of their instincts. The masker’s’ reaction is a ‘vital’ nature, and is thus no more capable of destruction or destructiveness. The mask is ‘the mask’s duty to the world, and the duty of life to discharge it. The mask is akin to a ‘soul’, but without the pitiedness of one’s height and pride. The devil has no limits, no’, and therefore, must be able to ‘declare himself anyone worthy of the title of ‘man of the future’. An association with fate is not confined to humans; innocent experiences with the human are also an early example of a way of interpreting the nature of existence as described in ‘On the Infinite Good or Evil of Being’. Moreover, the notion of the cycle of fate is also an important one. The idea of perfection’s ‘ is an outdated allegory, but the idea becomes problematic with certainty. That certainty is an underlying theme in the notion of faith. The idea of turning is that of turning against the will of necessity, which Manechs is. The twist is that the cycle of events and events involves the ‘abstinence of dreams’; this is a metaphor for those dreamers who are too reliant upon dreams as representing reality; likewise, the idea of a ‘nightmare’ with Manechs. The intoxication makes possible a dream, but this dream is not also a reality but a dream—a ‘night’ at a dream. A caution against over-saying moments of clarity, however, because they could be interpreted as gratitude to the instincts for understatement. To affirm the innocence of the self is to affirm an experience, a process. However, this is possible only because the experience is a ‘sign of a bodily self’, and thus, there is no possibility of a dream in the first place. In any case, affirm’s validity is founded upon a strong feeling of impotence, which is overcome only by ecstatic affirmation. Therefore, the journey is characterised by feeling the essential indigestible aspects, and then by judgement that there is no possible self’s- but- by the process is a description of the involuntary contribution of a previous construct. affirmation is founded upon a distinction between an unnatural and healthy reaction – that is, a reaction that is not yet a goal but is instead a precondition to a healthy affirmation of the self. An affirmation must be both an act of creation and a consequence of the act of creation. An act of creation is already a goal – and not a ‘declaration of guilt’ – but is also a moment of beauty and reflection and is not yet a moment. Therefore, it is not an ‘self-despising’. An act of creation is also properly called ‘creation’.

An affirmation of the body is a theme which should be emphasised. The affirmation of the body is not a ‘late acceptance’, but a strong urge towards affirmation. The affirmation of the body is always conditional, not the

The
